Joe Biden : Sanders’ “Medicare for All” plan "would cost more than the entire federal budget that we spend now."
Hillary Clinton : McCain "still thinks it's okay when women don't earn equal pay for equal work."
Facebook posts : Says a video shows Iranian rockets being launched toward a U.S. air base in Iraq.
Tom Barrett : "No one on my staff has ever been charged with a crime."
City of Atlanta : Tyler Perry’s plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected "to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta."
Focus on the Family Action : "Among his (Obama's) pet projects is a bill ... which would commit the U.S. to spending 0.7 percent of gross national product on foreign aid."
Pricey Harrison : "The US has approximately 5% of the world's population and 42% of civilian gun ownership."
Dennis Kucinich : "About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district."
Donald Trump : Says he saw videotape "of the people taking the money off the plane" to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.
Bernie Sanders : "In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent."
Dan Patrick : "Like every budget passed by the Senate since I have been lieutenant governor, Senate Bill 1 is within the spending limit set by the Texas Constitution."
Donald Trump : "In the ‘old days’ if you were president and you had a good economy, you were basically immune from criticism."
Andy Gardiner : A proposed revenue smart cap "gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment."
Donald Trump : Says the GOP plan he supports is "the biggest tax cut in U.S. history."
Gwen Moore : Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, "cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent."
Scott Walker : Even after collective bargaining reforms, most Wisconsin public employees "are still paying about 12 to 13 percent" of their health insurance premiums, while most state residents who work in the private sector "pay 20 to 25 percent."
Beto O'Rourke : "There are 390 million guns out on the streets of a country of 329 million people."
Facebook posts : Says people can send Christmas cards to "a recovering American soldier" at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C.
Facebook posts : “The CDC issued its first warning on Jan 8. Trump held campaign rallies on Jan 9, Jan 14, Jan 28, Jan 30, Feb 10, Feb 19, Feb 20, Feb 21, & Feb 28. He golfed on Jan 18, Jan 19, Feb 1, Feb 15, Mar 7, Mar 8. The first time he admitted the coronavirus might be a problem was Mar 13.”
Anonymous Activist : "500 percent more traffic here?"
Viral image : A photo shows Adolf Hitler holding a Bible like Donald Trump.
Kevin Cameron : Oregon House Republicans’ jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
Facebook posts : Clicking on this link in a text message lets sex traffickers track you.
Right to Rise : Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich had "the worst rating on spending of any governor in the country, Republican or Democrat."
Joe Biden : "We’re no longer the wealthiest middle class in the world."
Mary Landrieu : "In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half."
Joe Manchin : "Pat Morrisey joined a federal lawsuit to allow insurance companies to deny coverage for people with pre-existing conditions."
Mitch McConnell : In the American Rescue Plan, “just about 1% of the money is for vaccines.”
Facebook posts : “Florida is doing over five times better” than New Jersey and New York in COVID-19 deaths per million people.
Scott Walker : "We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since I've been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyle’s time as governor."
Tim Kaine : "We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer."
Karen Lewis : The new Illinois school funding formula "created a tax shelter for the wealthy and a voucher program…"
Mike Gallagher : Says Tom Nelson "backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million."
Lindsey Graham : Joe Biden "voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."
Josh Mandel : Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, "despite acknowledging that the EPA's cap-and-trade regulations are ‘burdensome’ and could harm economic growth in Ohio."
Scott Walker : "Obama for President and Baldwin for Senate have kept their campaign offices up and running in Fox Valley, Eau Claire and La Crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle."
Michael Solomon : "Pregnant women who stand for five to six hours at a time increase their risk of pre-term pregnancy by 80 percent."
John Chiang : "A majority of Americans now live in states where they have decided to legalize cannabis," including recreational and medical marijuana.
Rick Scott : "I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion."
Kelli Stargel : "In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher."
Ron Johnson : The United States is the only nation "that grants legal permanent residency to more than a million people per year."
Donald Trump : "Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didn’t say."
Facebook posts : “This man who was kicked and stomped” was killed by an “antifa murderer.”
John McCain : "Barack Obama has the longest track record of any candidate in this election in support of the 'Bridge To Nowhere.' "
George Will : The final pitch of Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series "was a foot and half probably high and outside."
Robin Wright : The coalition of Arab states against Libya’s Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.
Rick Scott : "Today, you can't rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), it's not funded."
Marcia Fudge : "Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man."
Viral image : Says Joe Biden talked about eating wooden corn dog sticks.
James Carr : "Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance."
Viral image : "These are real ads running in New York City calling for the removal of ‘trash’ which includes white people, Trump supporters, and Christians."
Jeanne Shaheen : "We spend in tax loopholes annually $1.1 trillion. That's more than we spend on our defense budget in a year, on Medicare or Medicaid in a year."
Barack Obama : Says if Congress doesn’t avoid the sequester, "tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids."
Trevor Noah : "Iowa's Republican caucus stopped mattering years ago. It in no way determines the party nominee."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi was arrested after ripping a copy of the State of the Union speech.
Facebook posts : “It would cost $20 billion to end homelessness in the U.S.” and “halting global warming would cost $300 billion.”
Karl Rove : "In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state."
Newt Gingrich : "A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year."
Viral image : “Nancy Pelosi has invited all illegals to her mansion at 2724 Pacific Ave San Francisco CA.”
Viral image : Says Ayn Rand said, "The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me."
Bryant Gumbel : "A golf course closes somewhere in America every 48 hours."
George W. Bush : Barack Obama said "he's going to attack Pakistan and embrace (Iranian President Mahmoud) Ahmadinejad."
Barack Obama : "2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces."
George Will : "America has more people employed as tax preparers (1.2 million) than as police and firefighters."
Donald Trump : Says “some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS. RIGGED ELECTION in waiting!”
Pete Buttigieg : “There is racism physically built into some of our highways.”
AmericanNews.com : "Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients."
Facebook posts : Says former congressman Keith Ellison “beats his girlfriend and Democrats make him the deputy chair of the DNC.”
Donald Trump : "I want clean air. I want crystal clean water. And we’ve got it. We’ve got the cleanest country in the planet right now."
Pat McCrory : Says “75% of third-graders in this year’s class are not reading at a third grade level” and, for those who don’t catch up, there’s “an 80% chance that you will not graduate.”
Mark Kelly : Says "94 percent of (Marco Rubio's) constituents support a universal background check."
Joe Biden : "When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran."
Donald Trump : Russia has "tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads — 1,800, by the way — where they expanded, and we didn't."
Bloggers : "Bill O’Reilly in critical condition after being attacked by ‘tolerant’ liberals."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : "Just like Hillary Clinton," Russ Feingold had a "run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation --  while plotting another run for U.S. Senate."
Paul Bedard : Says "President Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used" assault rifle bullets.
Bill White : "Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry."
Tom Harkin : Says "employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage."
"Ron Klein : ""The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on
his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due
credit card bills."""
John McKeon : Says "the governor took away a billion dollars of rebates, so in real dollars, our property taxes have gone up 20 percent."
Chain email : Says "At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment" under Affordable Care Act.
Fox News Channel : "California is proposing to legislate what drinks restaurants can serve your kids, only giving two options: milk or water."
Rick Kriseman : Says that compared to Rick Baker's time as mayor, Kriseman "had wet weather events that he did not experience" that caused sewage spills. Baker "went through significant periods of drought during his time as mayor."
Bob McDonnell : "Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now."
Rick Hardcastle : Benzene has "never been proven to be harmful."
Robert Menendez : Says Paul Ryan’s budget would turn Medicare into a "voucher."
Elizabeth Roberts : "They’ve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented."
Bloggers : "Miami Dolphins fire 2 kneeling players before pre-season kickoff."
Health First Wisconsin : "Wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children – regardless of whether that child is seven or 20 years old – at bars and restaurants."
Ismael Ozanne : "I’m running the second-largest county district attorney’s office … at 1985 staffing levels."
John Cornyn : Says Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, is "the largest military installation in the free world."
Paul Ryan : Says the CBO said "it's not that people are getting pushed off a plan; it's that people will choose not to buy something they don't like or want."
Chris Abele : Says he "helped lead an outside audit that’ll save (Milwaukee County) taxpayers over $200 million."
Chris Christie : "(President Barack Obama) said unemployment was never gonna go over 8 percent if we passed the stimulus plan."
Bloggers : A photo shows "Obama being dragged before a judge in handcuffs for wiretapping Trump."
Andrew Cuomo : "Taxes for every New Yorker are lower today than when I started"
Barack Obama : Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, "that's probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade."
Luis Gutierrez : "There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years."
Sean Hannity : Under the "Cash for Clunkers" program, "all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500."
Sean Duffy : Says Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has "ties to the Muslim Brotherhood."
Rick Santorum : Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said "she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution."
Maggie Hassan : "During her first four years in Washington Sen. Ayotte voted with the Koch brothers nearly 90 percent of the time."
Republican Governors Association : Says Andrew Gillum "wants to increase Florida taxes by a billion dollars."
Bloggers : “WHO now saying you do not need to wear a mask.”
Brendan Kelly : "While southern Illinois families struggled," Mike Bost "voted to raise his own pay."
Charles Schumer : If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, "you get out of poverty."
Jeb Bush : Says his "average federal tax rate" was 36 percent.
Steven Frias : The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority "was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free."
Barack Obama : "I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins."
Mark Pocan : Says withdrawing troops from Afghanistan could save the U.S. $50 billion.
John McCain : Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
Jamie Radtke : "Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid."
Andrew Cuomo : Property taxes have "nothing to do with the state."
Everyday Devotional : "Pope Francis cancels the Bible and proposes to create a new book."
Facebook posts : Quotes Trump as saying "would you really want a president who was dumb enough to let himself get drafted?"
National Rifle Association : The Manchin-Toomey amendment "would have criminalized certain private transfers of firearms between honest citizens, requiring lifelong friends, neighbors and some family members" to get government approval.
David Jolly : Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that "Social Security is not guaranteed."
Bloggers : Says new U.S. Democratic Rep. Rashida Tlaib has been linked to an "unindicted terrorist."
Bloggers : "Colin Kaepernick immediately loses Nike endorsement after anti-white rant."
Gilberto Hinojosa : Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, "it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Rep. Jim Renacci’s plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy."
Donald Trump : "Consumer confidence, business confidence, and manufacturing confidence are the highest they have been in many decades."
Direct Action for Rights & Equality : "Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record"
Viral image : Says Chelsea Clinton is married to George Soros’ nephew.
Matt McGrath : "Gov. Deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state."
FreedomCrossroads.us : Says "James Comey Has Been Having An Affair With" Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Says Mitt Romney "is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is "the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden said “Why am I doing this? Why? What is my real aim?”
Barack Obama : "Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double."
Republican Party of Florida : Barack Obama will "raise Social Security taxes."
Ron Johnson : "We are $20 trillion in debt. The Congressional Budget Office projects an additional $129 trillion of accumulated deficits over the next 30 years."
Bloggers : Says President Donald Trump’s "executive order leads to capture of ISIS leader, Rasheed Muhammad."
Donna Seidel : A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that "untrained individuals" would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.
American Crossroads : President Barack Obama’s "spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt."
Viral image : A photograph shows Barack Obama bowing to Ayatollah Khamenei.
Josh Hawley : Says Claire McCaskill "has had Chuck Schumer spend more dark money for her than for any senator in America. $16 million and counting!"
Rick Perry : Congress is "on a five-week vacation."
Bloggers : "Kavanaugh accuser’s husband breaks his silence, exposes ‘sick issue’ his wife has."
José Oliva : Health care is the "No. 1 reason for bankruptcy."
Matt Gaetz : "One out of every five people that the federal government charges with murder is an illegal alien."
Bloggers : Says the United Nations plans to “implant everyone with a biometric ID.”
Mitt Romney : "I didn't inherit money from my parents."
Ron Johnson : Two-thirds of the federal budget is "permanent law ... it's permanently appropriated."
Viral image : Seven days before John F. Kennedy was assassinated he said, "There’s a plot in this country to enslave every man, woman and child. Before I leave this high and noble office, I intend to expose this plot."
Viral image : Joe Biden’s eyes were black during the debate because he was wearing Mojo Vision lenses.
Facebook posts : A heat wave melted turbine blades at a Texas wind farm.
Bill Jackson : "There’s more murders with hammers last year than...shotguns and pistols and AK-47s."
Janet Napolitano : "Very, very, very few people get a pat-down" when they go through airport security.
Viral image : Says Brooke Baldwin said, "Don’t hire veterans! They’re too damaged to be trusted with authority."
Bill Posey : "Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan."
Adam Hasner : While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a "police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party."
Sid Miller : Texas A&M University - Commerce "offers counseling, safe spaces for students who are afraid of President-elect Trump."
Chris Collins : Hillary Clinton "has already said she's going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesn't believe in the First Amendment. And, she also believes in big government, which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment"
Joe Straus : "One" Texas school "district alone -- Austin ISD -- is expected to lose more than $530 million in local property taxes to Robin Hood this year."
Josh Mandel : Says he "earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer."
Mark Kirk : "At his father's bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed."
Viral image : Says Denzel Washington left the Democratic Party because he’s “had it with the lies.”
Corey Stewart : "It is only under President Trump that we have become the largest producer of oil and gas resources."
North Carolina Republican Party : "As hundreds of North Carolinians face long lines at DMV offices around the state, Governor Cooper created a secret DMV office just for his friends."
Rudy Giuliani : "Murder went up" when Romney was governor. "Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."
Wisconsin Corn Growers Association : "Without ethanol, gas prices would be at least 15% higher. With gas at four bucks, that means you’re saving 12 bucks on a 20 gallon fill up."
Republican Party of Florida : Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
Mark Warner : Millennials "will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years."
Beto O'Rourke : "I’m one of two members of Congress out of 535 that takes no corporate cash, no political action committee money."
Charlie Crist : "I am very proud, as governor of Florida, that we signed the first divestment act, as it relates to Iran, divesting any investments in companies that would invest in Iran."
Rick Scott : "We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised."
Hillary Clinton : "It was allowed," referring to her email practices.
Terry Jeffrey : There were more people on welfare than working in 2013.
Facebook posts : Nurses submitting coronavirus tests say they all are coming back positive.
Thom Tillis : Says a pro-Democratic ad is "false" for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to "resign."
Charles Bass : Ann McLane Kuster is "for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees."
Americans for Job Security : Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and "we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs."
Donald Trump : "For the first time in history, most new hires of prime working age are minorities and women."
Rick Perry : "We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation."
Jon Tester : Says Matt Rosendale "consistently supported land use rules that would help developers like him and hurt farmers in Montana."
Paul Soglin : "If there is a firearm available, it is 17 times more likely to be used either for suicide or for assaulting a friend, relative, an acquaintance than it is to be used in fending off an intruder."
Progress Texas : "Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children."
VoteVets.org : Says Thom Tillis voted “against a pay raise for a military, while voting for a pay raise for himself.”
Facebook posts : Says Marjorie Taylor Greene said, “Jesus loves the U.S. most and that is why the Bible is written in English.”
Viral image : Says a photo shows Pamela Karlan reacting to Hillary Clinton’s presidential defeat.
Starbucks : "Coffee is the second-most traded commodity after oil."
Rush Holt : "Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years."
Ann Coulter : Rhode Island’s voter identification law was pushed by "a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. That's a fact."
Florida Democratic Party : Says Rick Scott "oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nation’s history."
Facebook posts : Following Hurricane Ida, animals from Turtle Back Zoo in New Jersey are “fleeing the premises.”
Rick Santorum : Paul Ryan’s Medicare plan provides "pretty much" the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
Sam Adams : Says the initial Portland plastic bag ban represented "only a modest share of total single-use checkout bag use."
Liz Cheney : “Something less than 6% ... of this proposal that President Biden has put forward is actually focused on infrastructure.”
Judicial Confirmation Network : Sotomayor thinks "that one’s sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."
Alex Sink : The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said "publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didn't know about the problems."
Hank Johnson : "Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced toxic and health-threatening air pollution by 60 percent while our economy has grown more than 200 percent."
Viral image : Says Angela Merkel is the daughter of Adolf Hitler, Justin Trudeau is the son of Fidel Castro and Barbara Bush is the daughter of Aleister Crowley.
Lars Larson : "TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT"
Ron Amstutz : "Most of the state budget isn't for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service."
Ron Johnson : Says it’s not possible for some Wisconsin residents to watch Packers games, "they’re forced to watch Viking games," so he "got a law passed to fix" the problem.
Mitt Romney : Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran "when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred."
Jay Carney : Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas’ requests for fire management assisting grants.
Bernie Sanders : "In 2014 ... in McDowell County, W.Va., one of the poorest counties in the nation, life expectancy for men was 64 years. In Fairfax County, Va., a wealthy county, just 350 miles away, life expectancy was nearly 82 years, an 18 year differential. The life expectancy gap for women in the two counties was 12 years."
Todd Wilcox : "More businesses are closing than are opening for the first time in our nation's history."
Nick Tsiongas : "Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget."
Pat Toomey : Says Katie McGinty "actually agrees with Hillary Clinton and the most liberal wing of the Democrats on everything."
Wayne LaPierre : "As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years."
Wisconsin Sierra Club : Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is "allowing mercury to harm our children" because she voted against an electronics recycling bill.
Facebook posts : A white armed-robbery suspect was sentenced to two years in jail while a black armed-robbery suspect was sentenced to 26 years in prison by the same Florida judge.
Carl Lewis : "You’re paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allen’s) health care, and she took yours away."
Donald Trump Jr. : Unemployment numbers "are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, it's a total disaster."
Georgians for Bernie Sanders for President : Polls show Bernie Sanders would do better than Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head battle against Donald Trump.
Bloggers : An Alton, Ill., man caught a 736-pound Giant Mekong catfish in the Mississippi River.
AFSCME : Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Adam Laxalt "tried to cut a deal with big pharma" in a lawsuit.
Jeff Sessions : "In her first appellate argument, Ms. Kagan told the court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election."
Chain email : Says Barack Obama is the "first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office."
One New Jersey : "Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike."
Vincent Prieto : Says Gov. Chris Christie’s proposed budget is "the biggest spending budget in the history of the state of New Jersey. It is the largest in the nation at this point in time."
Nicole Galloway : "Missouri has one of the highest rates of uninsured children in the country."
Donald Trump : "My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagan's numbers were with Jimmy Carter."
Rick Perry : Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
John McCain : "Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan."
Tim Carpenter : Republicans didn't "increase state funding for nursing homes in the last budget."
Eric Cantor : The 2009 stimulus bill "failed to get people back to work."
Newt Gingrich : In 1992, Mitt Romney "gave money to Democrats for Congress."
Tim Kaine : "I haven't switched my position" on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
Facebook posts : A judge's order means there's a "Constitution exemption zone" if you live "within 100 miles of the United States border."
Roy Barnes and Nathan Deal : Vows to keep Georgia's race for governor "civil" and focused on the "positive."
Bloggers : Quotes Winston Churchill as saying, "When Muslims are the minority they are concerned with minority rights, when they are in the majority there are no minority rights."
Instagram posts : Says Joe Biden “disrespects servicemen” in telling them to “clap for that you stupid bastards.”
Sheryl Cole : "This year," the Austin City Council "granted a small homestead" property tax "exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community."
Ron Johnson : Says Jan. 6 Capitol riot “didn’t seem like an armed insurrection.”
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether he'd sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.
Barack Obama : He's been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."
Ellen Rosenblum : Says "nearly 29,000 Oregonians — almost 5 percent of all homeowners — are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage."
Theresa Greenfield : “I’ve taken a pledge not to take one dime of corporate PAC donations.”
Winning Our Future : Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
Bill O'Reilly : "When I go on Letterman" the "ratings go up."
Barack Obama : "Even today part of Romney’s fortune is invested in China."
Ja'Mal Green : Under Rahm Emanuel, "We’ve got tree trimmers making six figures."
Dave Yost : "The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions."
Americans United for Change : "Sens. Isakson’s, Chambliss’ Votes Against Unemployment Insurance Were Votes to Kill Nearly 6,000 Georgia Jobs."
Brian Moran : The governor has made a "commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back."
Robert Hurt : Says the estate tax, "in many cases," forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings.
Reince Priebus : "It's an absolute fact" that China and North Korea "have consistently over many, many years" meddled in U.S. elections.
Chain email : A new bill "was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt."
Lloyd Doggett : Says the main Central Texas food bank is delivering 50 percent more food to the poor than three years ago.
Claire McCaskill : "I’ve been on the Armed Services (Committee) for 10 years. No call or meeting w/ Russian ambassador. Ever."
Instagram posts : "California sends 440,000 ballots to ineligible voters."
Phil Kerpen : "Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year."
MoveOn.org : Gov. Rick Scott "tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls."
Chris Matthews : Under Florida’s voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours "makes it impossible to meet the deadline if you’re working right to the end of the week."
Viral image : Says Michael Bloomberg said, "I have known Trump for decades. We have traveled in the same business circles. He is known among millionaires as a con-artist and among business owners as a cheat out to stiff everyone."
Donald Trump : “Joe Biden called Black youth super predators.”
Ron Ramsey : "(Environmentalists) said ‘We’re only going to stop coal mining above 2,000 feet.’ ... Well guess where all the coal in the state of Tennessee is? Above 2,000 feet."
Jeff Stone : "Since the passage of Proposition 47 by voters in 2014 and the signing of AB 109 in 2011, violent crime has been on the rise in California, up 12 percent in 2015 statewide according to the FBI."
Pat Toomey : "Sanctuary cities are extremely dangerous."
Bloggers : "Prince William May Not Attend Royal Wedding Leaving Harry Without a Best Man; Princess Diana Would Not Be Happy"
Carolyn Medeiros : Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008.
Ron DeSantis : Says John Brennan "was a member of the Communist Party during the Cold War."
Jonathan Karl : "Before the Republican wave in 2010, Democrats had an advantage on the generic ballot in Congress. Even in 1994 with the Gingrich revolution ... Democrats had that advantage."
America's Natural Gas Alliance : The United States has a supply of "more than 100 years of natural gas."
Instagram posts : Calls COVID-19 vaccine a “non-FDA-approved experimental agent.”
Bob McDonnell : Virginia is "headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states."
Reaganwasright : "President Trump just saved Christmas for 13 million retirees."
Joseph Kyrillos : "Bob Menendez actually voted in favor of higher taxes more than 70 times!"
Marsha Blackburn : New energy standards will take away "our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes."
Barack Obama : "When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits," just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
Wayne DeAngelo : "If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey."
Evan Jenkins : "In Congress, (Patrick) Morrisey wrote the health care law giving free health care to illegals."
John Kasich : "We're up 123,000 jobs over the last year and three-quarters. We're actually, according to the Bureau of Labor statistics, down 500 ... auto jobs in Ohio."
Viral image : Says Bernie Sanders opposes "requiring all children to have a K-12 education."
Gary Johnson : Legal prescription drugs "statistically kill 100,000 people a year, (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana."
HoustonChronicle-tv.com : Says "the Kardashians donate whopping sum to Las Vegas mass shooting victims"
Facebook posts : Says Anthony Fauci, Bill Gates, George Soros and Jeffrey Epstein are connected with Moderna, Inc., and its efforts to create the coronavirus vaccine.
Jeb Bush : "Florida has a law like (Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act)."
Charley English : "It still had not gotten terrible on the roads" by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
Mitt Romney : Massachusetts schools "are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states."
Charlotte Bergmann : "Obamacare" represents "the largest tax increase in the history of the world."
Tommy Thompson : Says "Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it."
Bloggers : A CDC study found that “mask mandates made no statistical difference” on coronavirus case rates.
Bernie Sanders : "Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real."
Viral image : An impersonator in a Joe Biden mask gave an interview as Joe Biden.
Caleb Rowden : "And this would be the first year, if everything holds true, we will spend over $10 billion of our state budget on Medicaid out of the $28 billion budget."
Instagram posts : Says Anthony Fauci’s wife has “a secret plan to put psych drugs in drinking water” to get people vaccinated.
Steve Crisafulli : "If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid."
Josh Mandel : "The majority last quarter of Sherrod Brown's campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio."
David Dewhurst : Says 1,000 World War II veterans die every day.
Herb Kohl : "I’ve been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning."
Colin Van Ostern : As a result of Chris Sununu’s vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, "nearly 3,000 fewer" women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
Bloggers : "YouTube witness makes shocking admission on live TV. CNN pulls plug immediately"
Andy Duyck : "We’ve dedicated more money from (Washington County’s) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County."
Rush Limbaugh : Says "11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land" in the United States "bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument."
Sherri Tenpenny : Officials “recommend that women who get one of these (COVID-19) shots should absolutely not get pregnant for at least the first two months after they’ve been injected.”
Bloggers : Says Melania Trump lied under oath in 2013 about graduating from college with a bachelor’s degree in architecture.
National Federation of Independent Business-Wisconsin : Wisconsin’s lawsuit rules are so anti-business that the state’s system is "one of the most promiscuous" in America.
Lynn Westmoreland : "Only 536 Georgians are signed up for Obamacare while 400,000 in the state lost their health insurance."
Rick Scott : "Florida is investing record amounts of funding for HIV/AIDS prevention."
Viral image : Says First Lady Melania Trump posted a photo of herself "yesterday" and Facebook took it down.
Maxine Waters : "You can see visits to Moscow made during the campaign by (Paul) Manafort and others."
Haley Stevens : Eric Esshaki “would allow insurance companies to kick people with a preexisting condition off their plans in the middle of a pandemic, including over 100,000 Michiganders who have survived COVID-19.”
Viral image : Says Democratic Senators "demand Supreme Court nominee not be unduly influenced by U.S. Constitution."
Facebook posts : Says Al Gore said in 2009 that “the North Pole will be ice-free in the summer by 2013 because of man-made global warming.”
Chris Cuomo : "Hate speech is excluded from protection" under the First Amendment.
Ovide Lamontagne : Under Maggie Hassan's leadership, "we increased state spending in the middle of the great recession by 24 percent leading up to and following it."
Facebook posts : Says the Looney Tunes cartoon character Yosemite Sam was banned from television for being too violent.
Bloggers : Obama says America is great, but let's "try to change it."
David Crowley : ''Over 40 percent of African-American men in (Milwaukee County) have been going to prison for low-level drug offenses, and I think a hundred times that in the city of Madison."
Ann McLane Kuster : Says the Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015 would not "pause" the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the United States.
Kimberly Lightford : The novel coronavirus was “man-made.”
Newt Gingrich : "Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day."
Patrick Murphy : Says "Marco Rubio didn’t show up" for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah.
Citizens to Protect Transportation Funding : "We can fix our roads without raising taxes."
Facebook posts : Quotes Mike Pence as saying that people with pre-existing conditions need "more Jesus care," not health care.
Rick Santorum : If Fox News' presidential debate rules had been in place during the 1992 election, "Bill Clinton wouldn't have been on the stage."
Chris Christie : Says "in Katrina, they approved $60 billion within 10 days of the storm on a voice vote."
Bloggers : A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
Dennis Kucinich : Says the tax code is effectively subsidizing "the marketing efforts of fast food and junk food companies by as much as $19 billion over 10 years."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says a new report proves the stimulus supported by N.J. Democrats cost $278,000 per job.
Viral image : Says Emma Gonzalez, a survivor of the Parkland school shooting, ripped up a copy of the U.S. Constitution
Better Austin Today : Says that under City Council Member Randi Shade, Austin had the "highest city debt per person in Texas."
Kathleen Vinehout : Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin is "still 16,000 manufacturing jobs lower than we were during the recession."
Dan Boren : "A vast majority of the production in the United States comes from small independent oil and gas companies."
Tom Price : A study "from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard, and Dartmouth concluded that Medicaid’s value to its beneficiaries is significantly lower than the actual cost of the program."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden called ANTIFA “courageous Americans.”
Donald Trump : "Kanye (West) looks and he sees black unemployment at the lowest it’s been in the history of our country. He sees Hispanic unemployment at the lowest it’s been in the history of our country. He sees (women’s unemployment) the lowest it’s been in now almost 19 years."
Andrew Yang : "If you're a black woman, you're 320% more likely to die from complications in childbirth."
MSNBC : Says Charlie Crist's campaign bashed Sen. Bill Nelson's "big-government solutions."
Mitch McConnell : Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour "will destroy between half a million and one million jobs."
Dean Wright : Says Texas Railroad Commissioner Michael Williams has attended more than 150 tea party gatherings.
Rand Paul : "There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians don't want our money."
Katie McGinty : "Here in Pennsylvania, the annual cost for infant childcare is over $10,000 per child, which is more than most families pay in rent and almost the same cost as in-state college tuition."
Facebook posts : Says Bill O'Reilly wrote a post claiming that the coronavirus was created as a bioweapon by the Chinese government.
Michele Bachmann : When Standard & Poor's "dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we don't have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position" that the debt ceiling should not have been raised.
Mike Pence : "10 cents on the dollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes."
Terry McAuliffe : Under Cuccinelli’s tax cut plan, "school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers."
Gordon Hintz : “We know mask mandates work. There’s enough evidence out there between counties that have done it and counties that haven’t."
Facebook posts : Says this poem about people staying home was written by Kathleen O’Mara in 1869.
Jorge Elorza : "We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses."
Pat Roberts : The Congressional Budget Office "estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009" and only 37 percent in 2010.
Tom Graves : Warren Buffett says stop Obamacare now and start over.
Marco Rubio : "Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away."
Dallas Woodhouse : Says the NC elections board received "no calls" after alerting Bladen County voters to possible absentee ballot fraud.
Thom Tillis : In North Carolina, "now we're near the national average" for unemployment.
Facebook posts : Insulin prices rose “with the swipe of (Joe Biden’s) pen.”
Jacky Rosen : Says Sen. Dean Heller "wants to cut programs like Social Security and Medicare to pay for tax cuts for his ultra-wealthy donors."
Maryellen O'Shaughnessy : "It's factually correct to say" that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwell’s "mismanagement of the 2004 election."
Nathan Deal : Before the HOPE scholarship, "70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia."
Mike Foley : Says Ohio law gives tax breaks "to rich people who own private jets."
Ohio Republican Party : "President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse" by "creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments."
Hillary Clinton : Says as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and "hoped it would be the gold standard."
Heidi Heitkamp : "We have record bankruptcies in farming country."
Viral image : "The first slaves shipped to the American Colonies in 1619 were 100 white children from Ireland."
Donald Trump : “Rogue” Michigan official sent absentee ballots to 7.7 million people “illegally and without authorization” ahead of the primaries and general election.
Angel Taveras : "If you look at what we’ve done over the last several years, the crime rate has actually gone down in [Providence] and . . . the number of shootings has been going down."
Oregon Citizens Lobby : Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings "both where citizen with gun stopped the crime"
Bob Goodlatte : The "9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority."
Hillary Clinton : Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney has changed his position on supporting the TARP program.
William O'Brien : Says when Republicans took over the state legislature in 2010, New Hampshire’s tax rate for employers was 50th in the nation, and unemployment had more than doubled under Democrats.
Sherrod Brown : Says ExxonMobil "fought to kill" a rule requiring oil and mining companies to disclose payments made to foreign governments.
America First : Says Joe Biden told Americans, ‘If you elect me, your taxes are going to be raised, not cut.”
David Axelrod : "The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973" and "the average worker is making what they were making in 1996."
Josh Mandel : Says that Sherrod Brown is an "Obama rubber stamp" for "supporting the job-killing cap and trade plan."
Facebook posts : Says white vans with external locks are “utilized for sex trafficking.”
Viral image : “All the books” have been removed from the classrooms of a Minnesota middle school because administrators “claim that the books cannot be cleaned.”
Sam Adams : Says city of Portland has a one-time $22 million surplus
Javier M. Gonzales : "Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented."
Diana DeGette : Women "receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."
JB Pritzker : "I released way more (tax) information than Bruce Rauner has."
Ted Lieu : "You've got thousands of people serving in the military who are transgender."
Andrew Cuomo : In New York, "Average college debt - $30,000 per student."
Facebook posts : Emails show "Fauci's fellow scientist could tell early on that the (coronavirus) looked manufactured."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump “won Arizona.”
Tulsi Gabbard : "We pay far more for health care than any other country in the world, yet we have far worse outcomes than any other country in the world."
Democratic National Committee : Says Donald Trump is breaking a campaign pledge to bring manufacturing jobs back to Wisconsin and Pennsylvania since the two states "have lost the most manufacturing jobs in the past year."
Tom Niehaus : "Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support."
Brad Woodhouse : The New York Times "had to retract" its story that Hillary Clinton’s email handling had broken certain laws.
Bloggers : Says Queen Elizabeth said, "Muslim refugees are dividing nationality, I fully agree with Donald Trump we should deport them to avoid bloody terrorist attacks."
Rick Scott : Says Florida's pension plan faces the same long-term funding problems as Social Security.
Center for American Progress : "Trump's Cabinet is more white and more male than any first Cabinet since President Ronald Reagan’s."
Rob Portman : "The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago."
Ginny Brown-Waite : AARP is "the largest reseller of insurance in the country" and "has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."
Beto O'Rourke : "Nearly half of public school teachers in Texas are working a second or a third job, not for kicks, not for extra spending cash, but just to make ends meet."
Austin for a Better Future : Says proposal to use city-owned land for an Austin pro soccer stadium is a "$1 billion giveaway."
John Cox : California Gov. Gavin Newsom “just let 76,000 inmates out of jail."
Mitt Romney : "In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities."
Glenn Youngkin : “Over the last few years, more Virginians are moving away from Virginia than are moving to Virginia from the other 49 states.”
Roy Cooper : Says North Carolinians are "already paying for" Medicaid expansion, even though the state hasn’t expanded Medicaid.
Donald Trump : "Canada charges the U.S. a 270% tariff on Dairy Products! They didn’t tell you that, did they? Not fair to our farmers!"
Paul Ryan : "Obamacare has failed."
Dianne Feinstein : "Teachers spend $1.6 BILLION per year on school supplies. The Republican tax bill ELIMINATES their ability to deduct those expenses."
Bloggers : "Obama Makes Huge Move to BAN Social Security Recipients From Owning Guns"
Tom Cole : "Probably one out of every two households in Oklahoma has a gun."
Sheila Oliver : "Numerous studies have shown that these so-called right-to-work laws do not generate jobs and economic growth."
Tucker Carlson : “Between late December of 2020 and last month, a total of 3,362 people apparently died after getting the COVID vaccine in the United States … The actual number is almost certainly higher.”
Viral image : “Trump supporters tackled an Antifa thug, unmasked him, duct taped him to an electrical box.”
James Aubin : "Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year."
Michael Bloomberg : Video shows Democratic presidential candidates speechless for 20 seconds when discussing whether any of them started a business.
Facebook posts : Vaccines send the immune system into “perpetual overdrive” by instructing cells to keep “making the protein of an invader, nonstop, forever and ever.”
Viral image : Says Nancy Pelosi and Beto O’Rourke were photographed with El Chapo.
Hillary Clinton : "A small majority of Americans don’t think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans don’t want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Rep. David Cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to Solyndra, the failed solar company
Bill Nelson : Oil money from federal leases "can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling."
Donna Campbell : "A study was done, a post-mortem, so a retrospective study done, looking at autopsies and drug levels, what drugs were in the blood of veterans that committed suicide, and 70 percent had THC."
Ari Melber : "The median net worth of American households hasn't changed much over the past decades, it's about $20,000 ... but Congress' average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled."
Facebook posts : Says Robin Vos wore protective gear that “election workers he forced to work … do not have.”
Ron Johnson : Says "Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion."
John McCain : "Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban."
Viral image : Video shows woman filling plastic bags with gas after Colonial Pipeline disruption.
Facebook posts : Says the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act gives members of Congress a pay increase.
Viral image : Video shows “Israel’s defense system.”
Rahm Emanuel : "And over the last six years, Chicago’s economy has grown faster than the economies of New York City, Washington, D.C., or the national average."
Donald Trump : “In Wisconsin, there are approximately 70,000 absentee ballots that do not have matching ballot applications as required by law.”
Kayleigh McEnany : Current immigration "apprehension numbers are worse than the 'crisis' Biden/Obama/Pelosi acknowledged in 2014!"
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : "Unemployment is low because everyone has two jobs. Unemployment is low because people are working 60, 70, 80 hours a week and can barely feed their family."
Sarah Palin : Says she made an "accurate prediction" that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine.
Kurt Schuller : Wisconsin law says all recall petition signers must sign in the presence of another person.
Donald Trump : Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.
Bloggers : "Babysitter on crystal meth eats 3-month-old baby."
Rob Teilhet : "Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasn't done in this case."
Ben Carson : Says he "didn’t have an involvement with" nutritional supplement company Mannatech.
Greater Wisconsin Committee : "When the law stopped Tony Evers from revoking a teacher's license for viewing pornography, Tony worked with lawmakers from both parties to change the law so offenders could be kicked out of the classroom."
Barack Obama : Insurers delayed an Illinois man's treatment, "and he died because of it."
Shemia Fagan : "I sponsored the new Buy American law"
Bernie Sanders : "Some 200,000 people are in jail for the crime of being poor and not being able to afford bail."
Clay Dafoe : Says bus riders subsidize the "expensive, romanticized" Leander-to-Austin train.
Tina Smith : "Taking into account inflation, the federal minimum wage is actually worth less than what it was worth 50 years ago."
House Republican Conference : Medicare officials have treated Humana and AARP inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors.
Matt Wingard : "Oregon’s per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state that’s actually getting poorer."
John Lewis : "The violent crime rate in America is the same as it was in 1968, yet our prison system has grown by over 500 percent."
Kathie Glass : Says over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
Viral image : Says CNN and other news organizations tweeted that a journalist was executed in Kabul by Taliban fighters.
Mike Martinez : Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler has "never been active in anything that has to do with City Hall."
Mitt Romney : Says Hillary Clinton "erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress."
Sam Stein : "No one beta-tested" healthcare.gov.
Will Weatherford : New school testing standards "will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students."
Michael Bloomberg : Says “black babies die at rates twice as high as white babies because of a lack of access to affordable health care.”
Karen Handel : Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
Kentucky Opportunity Coalition : Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
Jeanne Shaheen : "Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260."
Rick Perry : Says three Ukrainians recently captured on a West Texas ranch are among "individuals from countries that have strong terrorist ties being apprehended" near the state’s border with Mexico.
John Currie : Unemployment in Texas has risen over two percentage points with Rick Perry as governor.
Facebook posts : Says Kamala Harris said there will be “a federal tax on your home for reparations.”
Joe Biden : "If the president had done his job, had done his job from the beginning, all the people would still be alive. All the people. I'm not making this up. Just look at the data."
Donald Trump : "We've made other countries rich while the wealth ... of our country has dissipated over the horizon."
Mary Burke : Under Scott Walker’s policies, "the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years."
Amalgamated Transit Union : Says TriMet spends "$10.3 million in police contracts" a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
Facebook posts : Says the pens Nancy Pelosi used to sign the articles of impeachment cost "$2,025 per pen."
Jerry Patterson : "We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.' "
Bloggers : Says there is proof Democrats hired actors to plan violence in Charlottesville.
Reince Priebus : "The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden “had 308,000 military people dying because you couldn’t provide them proper healthcare in the military.”
Donald Trump : China has "had now the worst year in 57 years."
Bloggers : Says Hillary Clinton had an "undercover nurse" with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.
Viral image : Michelle Obama earned a doctorate after leaving the White House.
David Jolly : "Kathleen Peters refuses to ‘take a stand’ to repeal Obamacare."
Facebook posts : An economics professor taught her students about socialism by “socialising grades” and failing all of them
Dallas Woodhouse : "Since 2010, Republicans have won unaffiliated voters in every general election."
NFL Players Association : A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
Facebook posts : Says President Trump tweeted that it’s “not fair for a president to leave office because of BAD votes!” and that the Supreme Court “should decide the presidency at every election.”
Andrew Cuomo : “At the end of the year, we put into that federal pot $116 billion more than we take out,” while Kentucky “takes out $148 billion more than they put in.”
Alex Sink : House Republicans who complained they didn't have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling "shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling."
Scott Bruun : "The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000."
Mitt Romney : Huckabee supported "a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate."
Rick Perry : Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romney's book deleted line that Massachusetts' individual mandate "should be the model for the country"
Michael T. Owens : A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax that’s part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgia’s convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
Marco Rubio : The Iran deal "violates promises the president made to the American people." ... "It is not an anytime, anywhere inspection process."
Rick Perry : Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
Donald Trump : "In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "opposes faster broadband internet in small towns" and "got nearly $90,000 in campaign contributions from the telecom special interests."
Donald Trump : "The unemployment rate for Wisconsin workers has reached historic lows. It’s never been this low before, ever, ever, ever."
Viral image : Photo shows Ice Cube and 50 Cent wearing Donald Trump hats.
Facebook posts : Says Rachel Levine supports “government-funded sex reassignment surgery without parental notification or authorization” for all children.
Kenneth Block : "The cost of fire in Rhode Island is anywhere from 33 percent to 100 percent more expensive than anywhere else we could find."
John Boehner : "This is the first time since the Depression that unemployment has stayed above 9 percent for two consecutive years."
Republican National Committee : Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
Instagram posts : "Twitter has suspended the account of Afghanistan’s elected President… and have allowed the Taliban to keep their accounts."
Nicholas Gorham : The General Assembly "has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us."
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows the "SAME EXACT PEOPLE" at "two different beaches" in Los Angeles County and Jacksonville, Fla.
Nikki Fried : Gov. Ron DeSantis “signed a $1 billion tax increase on the people of our state, on our consumers, yet gave a $500 million tax break to our corporations."
Barack Obama : "McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice."
Progressive Change Campaign Committee : 76 percent of Americans want a public health care option.
Rand Paul : "If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that there's something called the Geneva Convention we're going to have to pull out of."
Viral image : Says Nancy Pelosi said, “If the Senate conducts a sham trial, our caucus will just impeach the president again. We have no shortage of impeachment offenses. This president is a criminal.”
Cathie Adams : "Bill White ... supports the ‘ObamaCare’ socialized medicine plan, as well as ‘Cap and Trade’ legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs."
JB Pritzker : Says Bruce Rauner is "misquoting newspapers to lie about J.B. Pritzker."
Instagram posts : “CDC announces that students may be kept from parents overnight as Ohio sets up COVID-19 FEMA camps.”
Donald Trump : “Joe Biden wants to end school choice.”
Lynda Rife : 110 people a day move to Austin.
David Cicilline : "There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United States this year – more than any other country in the world."
Bloggers : Says Florida U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson are Socialists.
The Manila Times : Says Filipino news organizations are part of a plot to discredit President Rodrigo Duterte and destabilize his government.
Linda Curtis : Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.”
John Barge : "We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year."
Allen West : "EPA wants to regulate … the family BBQ."
Donald Trump : In the Alabama Senate runoff, "the candidate I endorsed (Luther Strange) went up MANY points after endorsement!"
Chain email : Under the cap-and-trade bill, homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold.
Rick Scott : "Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements."
Tweets : “Police budgets are at their highest they've ever been, there hasn’t actually been any defunding the police.”
Mary Matalin : "For the last decade the climate has been cooling."
Bloggers : Says President Barack Obama "tax audit exposes MILLIONS in offshore accounts stolen from taxpayers."
New Jersey Education Association : "As soon as Chris Christie was governor, he gave tax cuts to millionaires."
Citizens for Fairness : Amanda Murphy has "two vacation homes around the world."
Antonio Villaraigosa : "In the eight years that I was mayor, (there was a) nearly 50 percent drop in violent crime, gang crime — crime went down because we grew our police department, we focused on constitutional community policing, we did some of the most innovative prevention, intervention, job re-entry programs in the nation."
John Stemberger : Planned Parenthood has "now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts."
Tim Finchem : "Austin’s the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years."
Chicago Public Schools : "CPS students are learning and growing faster than 96 percent of students in the United States."
Conservative Tribune : "Before Leaving, Obama Enacts Rules to Take $3,000 From EVERY American."
Michael Chippendale : If an individual is determined "to commit suicide, the availability of a gun is not a factor" because they will find a way.
New Hampshire Republican Party : "Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time."
Jim Kenney : "Immigrants are responsible for 96 percent of our small biz growth since 2000."
Ted Cruz : "92 million Americans aren't working."
Barbara Boxer : "Women take birth control, more than half of them, as a medication for other conditions."
Lena Taylor : "There is no statistical evidence that bail bonds increase the likelihood of those awaiting trial returning to court for their scheduled hearings."
Tweets : “Here is the fire drone video that Twitter, Google, and YouTube didn't want us to see.”
NYDailyNews-TV.com : "U.S. comedian Kevin Hart in critical condition after gory car crash."
Ellen Rosenblum : Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
Marcia Fudge : "When George Bush became president of the United States, 17 million people were in poverty. When he left, 30 million people were in poverty."
Mark Pocan : Says salaries and benefits for Wisconsin state employee comprised 8.5 percent of the 2009-2011 state budget.
Fareed Zakaria : "When you tally up their representation in Congress and governorships, the Democrats almost have their lowest representation in about 100 years."
Dennis Richardson : Says Oregon state employees received a "catch-up" pay raise in 1981 -- just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in exchange for a retirement benefit.
Tim Ryan : "We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. We’ve got work that needs to get done. We’ve got people that want to go to work."
Newt Gingrich : Students today "take more years to get through" college.
Michael M. Crow : Arizona is spending "less on a per-capita basis than every single state in this country in higher education."
Fred Clark : A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also "prevent -- or limit --  the extent to which" food stamps could be used for organic foods.
Eric Trump : “System 'Glitch' ... In Wisconsin - Reversal of Swapped Votes Removes Lead from Joe Biden.”
Nathan Deal : Georgia is "one of only about seven states in the country" that has a AAA bond rating.
Suzanne Bonamici : Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
Charlie Crist : "I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny."
Cory Booker : Says the Republican Party platform says "pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold" while the Democratic Party platform says "we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform."
Casey Cagle : "For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000."
Steve Adler : "The first tweet was sent from Austin."
Funny Or Die : Says Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China.
Greg Abbott : Wendy Davis is "fighting to bring ... Bloomberg-style gun control to Texas."
Patriot Majority PAC : The Chilean "privatization scheme" that Sharron Angle supports "has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage."
Chris Abele : The Mitchell Park Domes "lose about $1 million-plus every year" and "the number of people going to the Domes has been going down."
Mike Tate : "Scott Walker has even removed the 250,000 jobs promise from his website."
Charlie Crist : "Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion."
Bob McDonnell : Says his plan to raise car registration to $56 would still leave Virginia with a fee that’s "equal to or lower than most states."
John Kasich : "Twenty million Americans are out of work."
Mike Villarreal : "The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment."
Barack Obama : The economy is "creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999."
Bloggers : "Kim Jong Un killed in (President Donald) Trump’s overnight black op attack on North Korea."
John Padgett : Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deal’s budgets but accuses the governor of "underfunding education."
Patrick Morrisey : Says Joe Manchin said "yes to repealing Obamacare. He lied."
Rick Scott : "Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones."
Dennis Ross : "For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row."
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : "Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families."
Kevin DeWine : Since 2009, the Ohio Republican Party has made more contacts with voters — nearly 6.6 million — than any other GOP state organization in the nation.
Donald Trump : "Right now we’re the highest taxed country in the world."
Mitt Romney : "6,400 Ohioans ... lost manufacturing jobs in the month of September."
Ron Wyden : "We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate" that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's "and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."
David McKinley : In West Virginia, "personal income tax collections (were) up 14% from 2017."
Jeff Clemens : Online voter registration is a "more secure" way of doing voter registration.
Ben Carson : Says Thomas Jefferson helped "craft" the Constitution.
Laura Ingraham : Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has an "immigrant family background."
CNN : "ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella."
Viral image : Says Kurt Russell said "if the Dems regain power, they have promised to abolish the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 5th & 6th amendments. Also the Senate, the Electoral College, the Supreme Court, borders, ICE, and more. When do we get to declare them enemies of the state?"
Bloggers : Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
Tweets : Says Beto O'Rourke "gave the remaining $4.5+ mill from his Senate race to (the Texas Democratic Party) a few months ago, & the Party sent the money back to him on the day of his announcement."
James Roosevelt : Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
Roger Goodell : NFL "players are living, on average, longer than the average male."
Newt Gingrich : Newt Gingrich’s presidential campaign has "exactly the same" challenges as Ronald Reagan’s successful 1980 bid.
John McCain : North Korea’s missiles are "not going to have a capability to reach the United States anytime real soon."
Facebook posts : Says Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam said, ‘You will give up your guns, if you don’t I’ll have the National Guard cut your power, your phone lines, and your internet. Then, if you still refuse to comply I’ll have you killed.’"
Claudia Tenney : Kim Myers "voted repeatedly to raise taxes on the people of Broome County, but made millions off of tax savings when her family business relocated its headquarters."
Greg Abbott : "Turns out the critics of the Texas maternal mortality rate were just lying. It’s less than half of what the critics said. It’s about 1/10 of 1%."
Freedom Partners : Says Bruce Braley took "tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry" and gave them "special favors" by voting for Obamacare.
Donald Trump : Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel "is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican."
Lori Lightfoot : “Illinois lags way behind all of our neighbors and certainly we’re in the bottom tier of states that are doing testing."
Bill White : "Of those 850,000 (new Texas) jobs, most were public-sector jobs and minimum-wage jobs."
Facebook posts : "China has been stealing our manufacturing, costing Wisconsin almost 90,000 jobs."
John Wisniewski : "While (Chris Christie) talks about job creation, we don't see jobs being created in this state."
Florida Democratic Party : "Flip Flop! After opposing term limits for decades, Adam Putnam adopts Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis’ position."
Nicholas Mattiello : The Pell bridge "is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge."
Heather Moore : "Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year."
National Republican Congressional Committee : In 2010, Betty Sutton "voted to destroy Medicare."
Chain email : "AIG insures the pension trust of the United States Congress!"
Cynthia Meyer : "More black babies are aborted in NYC than born."
John McCain : "I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that."
Herman Cain : Said Planned Parenthood’s early objective was to "help kill black babies before they came into the world."
Marco Rubio : Says that Donald Trump "supported Charlie Crist."
Leonidas Raptakis : Rhode Island is "almost dead last" among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before they’re eligible for parole.
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden’s order stopping the Keystone pipeline “made oil more expensive for us to use.”
Barack Obama : We've seen "our deficits cut by two-thirds."
Sean Spicer : Trump has "worked with Congress to pass more legislation in his first 100 days than any president since Truman."
Moms Rising : "Having a baby is a leading cause of poverty spells in the United States."
Bloggers : “Canada prohibits all vaxxed pilots from flying.”
Kathleen Falk : Wisconsin women "are paid 81 cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job."
Rick Scott : Says Bill Nelson "doesn’t pay payroll taxes for his employees. He doesn’t even provide them with health benefits. It’s stealing money from Medicare and Social Security."
Sherrod Brown : Says that Republicans "bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning" and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule.
Tim Kaine : Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is "closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond."
Scott Walker : Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy "that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming."
Phil Scott : "We have the most progressive tax system in the country, right here in Vermont."
Joe Biden : Says the Obama administration "didn't lock people up in cages."
Facebook posts : Says Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger “faces espionage charges.”
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden told a factory worker, “I don’t work for you!” while pointing a finger in the worker’s face.
Gina Hinojosa : "You can have an active warrant for your arrest for murder and legally pass a background check system in the state of Texas" to purchase a gun.
Eric Bolling : "President Obama's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (was) a fancy name for almost a trillion-dollar spending bill. The ARRA was supposed to fix our crumbling roads and bridges," but now, "we have absolutely nothing to show for it."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett."
Donald Trump : "The United States is now the No. 1 energy producer in the world. That happened just recently."
Jason Smith : Federal workers "are paid well above the HOUSEHOLD income in southern Missouri."
Lesley Cohen : "It’s bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isn’t acting in films that degrade women, he’s stalking them in his personal time."
Mitt Romney : Says Newt Gingrich said "Spanish is the language of the ghetto."
Barack Obama : "But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy."
Bernie Sanders : Says Senate deliberations on the Affordable Care Act in 2009 and 2010 included hundreds of hours of debate and more than 100 Republican amendments, compared with zero for the American Health Care Act this year.
Sarah Palin : A provision in the health care reform bill for end-of-life counseling for seniors is not "entirely voluntary."
Tim Ryan : "Half the country today has either diabetes or prediabetes."
Rick Perry : Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security "back to the states."
Restore Our Future : "Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent."
It's Still a Bad Idea : "Their New York casino deal was called ‘rigged’ and ‘corrupt.’"
Conservative-Daily : Says a video of Joe Biden and Beto O’Rourke at a Texas Whataburger shows Biden “looking directly into the camera and promising to take away Americans’ guns if elected.”
Patrick Morrisey : "Joe Manchin has a ‘D' rating from the NRA."
Mike Murphy : In Texas, "the No. 1 name for new male babies — many of whom will vote one day — is Jose."
Hillary Clinton : "Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died."
Florida Democratic Party : When Rick Scott "was deposed in lawsuits about his company, he took the Fifth 75 times."
Mitt Romney : "Obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt."
Bill Nelson : "My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population."
Jeb Hensarling : Says "the acting chief of the IRS said he – and the majority of IRS employees – would rather stay with his current" health "plan than switch to Obamacare."
Kathleen Sebelius : "Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits what's covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year."
Viral image : "I will need to show proof to do anything indoors in” New York City, “but not when I vote?"
Richard Blumenthal : "There's never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days."
Jerry Falwell Jr. : "This midterm (election), the president did better than the average president does in his first midterms."
Rick Scott : Florida ranks "45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business.
Tennessee Democratic Party : Says a federal judge "sanctions Tennessee ‘birther’ lawyer … for bringing a frivolous lawsuit."
Facebook posts : An image shows “what appears to be an official ballot box being taken away from a polling location by an unidentified civilian.”
Allen West : "Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views."
Hillary Clinton : "African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do."
Sarah Palin : "As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes."
Andrew Cuomo : "I think we're actually ahead" on legalizing marijuana for recreational use in New York state.
Bloggers : Say Maxine Waters told CNN’s Anderson Cooper that her first act as president would be to "impeach Donald Trump."
Donald Trump : "I thought it was a terrible thing when (Nancy Pelosi) ripped up the speech. First of all, it's an official document. You're not allowed. It's illegal what she did. She broke the law."
Bill Flores : Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
usdeplorablesnews.com : Says Michelle Obama said Florida shooting "is clearly our president’s fault."
Donald Trump : "The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product … was below zero. Who ever heard of this? It's never below zero."
Thom Tillis : “Cal Cunningham criticized (the Paycheck Protection Program) while his company benefitted.”
Jeff Sessions : Preliminary murder rates in Philadelphia "will put the murder rate at the highest of this decade in the city."
Steve Kagen : "Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center."
Amy Klobuchar : "Comprehensive immigration reform, the bill we had back in 2013 ... brought the debt down $158 billion."
Rand Paul : "Hillary Clinton’s State Department sent three comedians to India on the ‘Make Chai, Not War’ tour."
Donald Trump : "We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world."
Americans United for Change : Says "Ron Johnson calls Social Security a Ponzi scheme and wants to privatize the program."
Mitt Romney : "The president gave the (auto) companies to the UAW."
Barack Obama : "We’re the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote."
Glen Sturtevant : Dan Gecker voted to "double vehicle registration fees, costing (Chesterfield) county residents over $6 million annually."
Kendrick Meek : "Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling."
Gwen Moore : "60 percent of all Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded."
Rahm Emanuel : [Chicago is the] only city in the United States, you get a B average in high school, community college is free.
Georgia Gun Owners : Says "Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013."
Steve Adler : Austin has "gone from being the 24th most congested city just about 10 years ago to being the fourth most congested — more congested than NYC."
Barack Obama : "The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world."
Peter Barca : Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for "people making over 350 grand" than for "the average middle-class person."
Ellyn Bogdanoff : Tampa is "the strip club capital of the world."
Joe Sanfelippo : "Over 39% of violent criminals return to prison following their release."
LaTonya Johnson : "Our road conditions cost WI families. In Milwaukee, the average cost per driver is $2,300."
Judd Gregg : "The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'"
John Burzichelli : Says in the governor’s proposed budget "the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget."
Marco Rubio : "Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That was something that was supposed to happen in 2016."
Wisconsin state Senate Democrats : Says GOP state Sen. Patrick Testin is responsible for lost $25M in federal funding, because he refused “to do his job.”
SeaWorld : "Whales live as long at SeaWorld" as they do in the wild.
Brian Schatz : "For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed."
Jeff Merkley : Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
Nation of Islam Research Group : Says Baltimore police are "trained by Mossad and Shin Bet."
Michele Bachmann : "If you threw a barbecue yesterday for the Memorial weekend, it was 29 percent more expensive than last year because Barack Obama's policies have led to groceries going up 29 percent."
Barack Obama : Under Republican economic policies, "the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent."
Bloggers : “NASA confirms earth will go dark for 6 days in December 2020.”
Charles Schumer : "In fact, if you add up the net wealth of his cabinet, it has more wealth than a third of the American people total -- close to 100 million people."
Anita Perry : "My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us."
Republican Party of Florida : "How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years."
Tom Tiffany : Says the state “health secretary says don't go to hospitals or clinics, now the tourism secretary says don't recreate.”
Rick Santorum : Says that in 2001, Rick Perry spoke favorably of binational health insurance between Mexico and Texas.
Pray in Jesus Name Project : "The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan."
Kathleen Sebelius : On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan "found a good" health insurance "plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month."
Chain message : Says "special military helicopters will spray pesticide against the Corona virus in the skies all over the country."
Ben Affleck : The Islamic State is so small it "couldn't fill a Double A ballpark in Charleston, W. Va."
Nick Seymour : Tuberculosis recently passed "HIV/AIDS as the leading infectious killer globally."
Club for Growth : Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted "to cut school aid by nearly $300 million."
James Langevin : "Under the Obama administration, we are drilling and producing more domestic energy supplies than we ever had before."
Donald Trump : There is "substantial evidence of voter fraud."
Rudy Giuliani : The Trump campaign "didn’t know" that Natalia Veselnitskaya "was a representative of the Russian government. ... I don't even know if they knew she was Russian at the time."
Marco Rubio : "If the debt ceiling is surpassed, our nation will not go into default as some suggest."
Edward Flynn : Research found that "over the course of the existence of the Brady Bill ban, the use of assault weapons in crimes decreased by two thirds."
Tim Murphy : Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama "has sealed off Israel in the past."
Vicky Hartzler : "Statistics indicate Americans have experienced 29.3 (billion) illegal robocalls so far this year, marking a 64 percent increase since 2016."
Dana Bash : "There's just one piece of legislation that is now law" with Sen. Ted Cruz's "name on it."
David Alameel : "More than 40,000 troops are still stationed in Afghanistan with no clear objective. Even in the best case, by the end of the year at least 10,000 American soldiers will still be on the ground."
Donald McEachin : Gov. Bob McDonnell’s budget plan takes "money out of our classrooms to pave roads."
Herman Cain : In the U.S. Constitution, "there’s a little section in there that talks about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
Ben Wikler : "Across the state the rejection rate for ballots went way down” in the Nov. 3 election.
Facebook posts : "Ted Cruz says owning a gun should be as hassle free as owning a car, which as I recall requires a license and registration."
Mitt Romney : "This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover."
Donald Trump : "The National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion."
Facebook posts : Photo shows Democratic protesters who “stormed the U.S. Capitol in 2018.”
Barack Obama : McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
Corey Lewandowski : Says "Donald Trump was doing a rally in the state of Florida" the day Trump's son and others met with a Russian lawyer in New York.
Jeff Kottkamp : "Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida."
Allan Fung : "Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me."
Florida Democratic Party : Says Gov. Rick Scott "ended $20 million in funding for mental health care despite Florida already ranking at the bottom."
American Energy Alliance : Gas prices have doubled because "Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska. He gave millions of tax dollars to Solyndra, which then went bankrupt. And he blocked the Keystone pipeline. So we will all pay more at the pump."
Tommy Thompson : Every time the price of gasoline rises 1 cent, "it's a billion dollars out of our economy that goes to Saudi Arabia."
Facebook posts : “Military ready to act on audit results!” in Arizona
Christine Quinn : New York state has the "second highest millionaires tax in the nation."
Tony Evers : Wisconsin is "49th out of 50 states in infrastructure."
Dennis Richardson : "It's been 17 years that we've had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon."
Texas Organizing Project : "The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000."
Bob Latta : Says that President Obama promised that with the stimulus plan, "unemployment would never go above 8 percent. He even said it would be 6 percent by now."
Marco Rubio : Says a question about his financial skills at the CNBC debate included "discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents."
Hillary Clinton : Says Cresent Hardy agreed with Mitt Romney "about the 47 percent" and said that "people with disabilities are, and I quote him, ‘a drain on society.’ "
Bernie Sanders : "I helped write" the Affordable Care Act.
Bloggers : “Report: Biden administration busing ‘thousands’ of illegals to red states to get permanent status.”
John McCain : "Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement."
Hogan Gidley : "The president has been very clear. All forms of abuse, all forms of battery against women are deplorable and disgusting. ... He’s said that multiple times in the past."
Facebook posts : Since 1938 the minimum wage has been increased "23 times" and was raised "21 times during Democratic congresses, and only twice during Republican ones."
Hillary Clinton : In nine Democratic debates, "We've not had one question about a woman's right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question."
John Kitzhaber : Oregon "is the most trade-dependent state in the nation"
Mitt Romney : "The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future."
Larry Fedora : "I don’t think it’s been proven that the game of football causes CTE."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump “voted twice” in the Nov. 3, 2020 election
Barack Obama : "Since I came into office … we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent."
Carly Fiorina : "When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things  —  including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity."
Facebook posts : "Absent from the news — Dominion lost their lawsuits against Rudy Giuliani and Sidney Powell."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Gary Peters "fought against funding for the VA, veterans housing programs, military pay raises, and health care and research for veterans and their families. He also fought against funding for processing veterans’ disability claims.”
Juan Hernández : Says Texas passed a state ‘Dream Act’ before any other state.
George LeMieux : Says Connie Mack "failed to pay his child support."
Russ Feingold : Says Ron Johnson "opposes entirely a federal minimum wage," except perhaps for "guest workers."
Progressive Change Campaign Committee : Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson "says he’ll do away with Medicare."
New Hampshire Democratic Party : Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already "helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives."
Chuck Grassley : Says President Barack Obama is trying to "pack" the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
David Alameel : Says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker.
Ron Johnson : For younger people, seasonal flu is “in many cases” a deadlier virus than COVID-19
Donald Trump : "Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly … $800 billion last year alone."
John Wisniewski : "Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them."
Barack Obama : "In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror."
Donald Trump : The new tax law is "kicking the American economy into high gear with $5.5 trillion in tax cuts."
Hillary Clinton : "I remember landing under sniper fire."
Cokie Roberts : In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, "Ms. Rice did say 'a terrorist attack.' It’s not that she put the whole thing on the video."
Ann Coulter : "Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more."
Amy Klobuchar : “80% of the people” want the option of vote by mail
Enough Already Wisconsin, Inc. : The majority of revenue generated by a proposed Kenosha casino would be sent to the Seminole tribe in Florida.
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott "cut education by $1.3 billion" in his first year, then "in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities."
Madeleine Albright : Says Benito Mussolini "initiated a campaign to 'drenare la palude' ('drain the swamp') by firing more than 35,000 civil servants."
Kathleen Sebelius : Medicaid spending declined by 1.9 percent in 2012, the second such decline in 47 years.
Rick Perry : The United States is at "historic record highs" of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as "Pakistan or Afghanistan or Syria."
Facebook posts : Quotes Harriet Tubman as saying, "I freed a thousand slaves. I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves."
Viral image : Says Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, “The age of consent for sexual acts must be lowered to age 12 years old.”
Viral image : "ICE just rolled up to the school where the families are reunifying after the El Paso shooting to check citizenship papers."
Richard Burr : Says Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are "responsible for leading America into a deal that will arm Iran."
Pete Buttigieg : President Joe Biden’s infrastructure proposal “is fully paid for. Across 15 years, it would raise all of the revenue needed for these once-in-a-lifetime investments."
Ann Coulter : "100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a WALL."
Chris Abele : The Milwaukee County Board’s staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers "a lot more," while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period.
Ted Cruz : Says Donald Trump "has said he wants to be neutral on Israel and the Palestinians"
Chain email : Says Hillary Clinton will receive her "congressional salary until she dies" and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
Mike Pence : "Since President (Donald Trump’s) election, 36,000 jobs have been created in WI."
Angel Taveras : Providence teachers "can go five or six years without an evaluation."
Russell James Ramsland Jr. : In 10 Michigan precincts, voter turnout reached 100% and in 6 precincts it surpassed 100%
Bloggers : "Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use."
Viral image : Says Nancy Pelosi diverted "$2.4 billion from Social Security to cover impeachment costs."
Instagram posts : Due to differing lockdown orders, New York has more COVID-19 cases, deaths, hospitalizations and job losses than Florida, and New York also lags on vaccinations.
Bloggers : Says Koalas are "functionally extinct" as bushfires in Australia continue to destroy their habitat.
Sanford Bishop : "There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now."
Barbara Boxer : "I asked (then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice) how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question."
Hillary Clinton : "Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law."
Missouri Democratic Party : If a lawsuit backed by Josh Hawley succeeds, "nearly 2.5 million Missourians with pre-existing conditions could lose their health care coverage."
Facebook posts : Quotes Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying "I’m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I’ve said lots of things."
Donald Trump : "The price of soybeans has fallen 50% since 5 years before the election. A big reason is bad (terrible) trade deals with other countries."
Doonesbury : Says 3,000 Americans "died of gunfire" between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections.
Paul Ryan : Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romney’s tax plan.
Randy Forbes : Says Virginia Republican "Scott Taylor has been convicted in at least four different courts across the country, at times failing to even appear, and having a warrant issued for his arrest."
Accountability in Government : Says Jim Frishe wanted to "tax us for doing our taxes" through an accountant.
Roy Blunt : "Our tax code has nearly doubled since 1985."
Kevin Brady : "Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States."
Chain email : Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
Viral image : Says an image of armed anti-lockdown protesters and an image of unarmed Minneapolis protesters being tear gassed were taken in the “same state, same month.”
Memphis Police Association : Says "city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget."
Facebook posts : Says Amber Alerts are issued for white kids "but not Black kids in Milwaukee."
Mark Neumann : If the U.S. didn't borrow $1.2 trillion every year "to fund government operations," that money would be available "for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses."
PuppetStringNews.com : "Virginia police arrest wrong person to cover for Antifa member who ran over protesters."
Doug Pederson : "Your chances of throwing it are actually a little bit better in that situation."
Sarah Palin : Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
Andrew Napolitano : "Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it."
R2RMerge : Says George Norcross said the "TAKEOVER OF RUTGER$ CAMDEN WILL COST NEW JER$EY BILLION$."
Ohio Right to Life : "Ohio’s Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011."
Rand Paul : “Trump margin of ‘defeat’ in 4 states occurred in 4 data dumps between 1:34-6:31 AM. Statistical anomaly? Fraud?”
Chris Christie : Says Barbara Buono "voted to raise her own pay 40 percent."
Jim Justice : West Virginia is the state with the oldest population.
Rick Scott : Jennifer Carroll's an "outsider."
Facebook posts : The percent of millionaires in Congress is 50% while the percent among the U.S. public is 1 percent
Ari Melber : Says Barack Obama’s approval rating "is right in the average" for second-term presidents at this point.
Jon Huntsman : The United States has "the longest surviving constitution."
Mark Warner : The U.S. would gain revenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
Mike Dovilla : "Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually."
Citizens for Lower Taxes and a Stronger Economy : St. Pete Beach's experiences are a "fair example" of what could happen if Amendment 4 passes.
Republican Party of Georgia : "Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue."
Bill Clinton : "Every year there is a slightly smaller percentage of American households owning guns."
Paul Ryan : Says "President Obama’s proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon."
Rand Paul : "The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die."
Bill Clinton : Says Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose "lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money."
Victoria Taft : Says a Portland school gives Muslim students "their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs," and lets them "out of class five times a day to pray to Allah."
Snoopack.com : "Trey Gowdy is the new director of the FBI!"
Jorge Elorza : "In the last six years of Cianci’s administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence."
Protect American Jobs : A measure to repeal the state’s prevailing wage law would "make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs" through an "illegal worker loophole in the state budget."
YouTube videos : A Detroit TV station aired the election results a week early.
Facebook posts : Quotes Joe Biden as saying “We need to teach our children the ISLAMIC FAITH in our schools!”
Rick Kriseman : There were 2,761 auto thefts in 2006 under Rick Baker and 1,095 auto thefts in 2016.
Bloggers : "FBI uncovers evidence that 62 million Trump voters are all Russian agents!"
MacIver Institute : "Wisconsin election officials to accept Mickey Mouse, Hitler signatures" on recall petitions.
Patricia Fahy : As for recreational marijuana revenue projections, "we are seeing all those numbers reach disappointing levels in the states that have legalized. They’re not meeting their targets for the most part."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden said, “You know, we have to come together. That’s why I’m running. I’m running as a proud Democrat for the Senate. So vote! Vote!”
Kiki Curls : Missouri "is the state with the lowest paid workers."
Barack Obama : "I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter."
Mark Pocan : "More people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud" by impersonation.
Michele Bachmann : Says Apple CEO Steve Jobs told President Obama that the company moved factories to China because it needed 30,000 engineers.
Ron Paul : "The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process" and $5 trillion went overseas.
Facebook posts : "80% of people taking the Moderna vaccine had significant side effects, via Bill Gates."
Mike Pence : Says Hillary Clinton "took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire" during the terrorist attack in Benghazi.
Pete Buttigieg : Americans "say that what they want is a choice" to join a single-payer system like Medicare rather than ending private insurance.
Charlie Crist : "Rick Scott vetoed funding for 30 Florida rape crisis centers. Scott said the centers weren’t needed."
Roger Williams : "The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs."
C.W. Bill Young : The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of our health programs."
Ted Cruz : "Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general."
Jack Reed : "It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces."
Facebook posts : Photo shows Joe Biden next to a man seen in a sex sting video.
Barack Obama : "Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare."
Jim Rubens : Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
Bloggers : "Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens."
Nan Rich : In Florida "we have 75,000 on (a) waiting list for child care and 23,000 on waiting lists" for community care for the elderly.
Texas House Democratic Caucus : "Some neighborhood schools are closing."
Bob Schieffer : Iran President Hassan "Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities" than members of Barack Obama’s Cabinet.
Jason Carter : The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in.
Occupy Democrats : Says Ted Cruz "was just bribed by the Kochs to introduce a bill that would give them and their allies America’s national forests, parks, and other public lands and open them for mining, drilling, fracking and logging."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted "budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes."
Rudy Giuliani : "And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates."
Barack Obama : "Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office."
TriMet : The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012.
Donald Trump : Says President Barack Obama “spied on my campaign, and got caught!”
Government is Not God PAC : "Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes."
No Tax For Tracks : The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax "is permanent, we never get to vote on this again."
Robert Spindell : Says some of the names that may be purged from voter roll are people who have died.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : In New York City, "for every one person experiencing homelessness here, there are about three vacant apartments."
Viral image : “59 people die as pastor gives them dettol to drink in church to prevent coronavirus.”
Allison Tant : Says Carlos Lopez-Cantera "even voiced enthusiastic support for bringing an Arizona-style immigration law to Florida, calling the measure 'common sense.’"
Ted Cruz : "More than once, I've actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance."
Facebook posts : Says 57 percent of federal spending goes to the military and just 1 percent goes to food and agriculture, including food stamps.
Ami Bera : Says the U.S. Attorney’s Office said "that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on" regarding my father's illegal campaign contributions. "And that’s why they closed this case."
Rick Scott : Says his proposed education spending "is the highest state funding level in Florida history."
Tim Kaine : "Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues."
Barack Obama : "The NRA used to support expanded background checks."
Joe Biden : Says Bernie Sanders “opposed Obamacare, didn't like the fact we didn't push a single-payer option.”
George Will : Says Jeb Bush "happens to be where a majority" of Republican voters are on giving legal status to illegal immigrants.
Nikki Haley : "And I think that his engagement with Congress is something that never happened under President Obama. They were never allowed to debate it. They were never allowed to discuss it. So, now Congress is going to be fully engaged on the threats of Iran."
Viral image : “On 60 Minutes, Joe said he never met with Hunter and the Burisma CEO. Well, here he is with both.”
Viral image : "Shakespeare said: ‘I always feel happy. You know why? Because I don’t expect anything from anyone. Expectations always hurt. Life is short. So love your life. Be Happy. & Keep smiling."
Harry Brown : "North Carolina last year was second in the nation in overdose deaths"
Ben Cline : The Green New Deal “costs an average American household almost $700,000 through 2029.”
Mike Haridopolos : Florida’s proposed Health Care Freedom Act "will allow Floridians to opt out of Obama’s govt. takeover of healthcare!"
Scott Walker : Says because of his actions, Wisconsin "property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "wants sanctuary cities."
Virginia Interfaith Center for Public Policy : "In 1968, a full-time worker earning minimum wage, could actually support a family of three above the poverty line. Today, that same worker would earn less than the poverty line for a family of two."
Sarah Godlewski : “It wasn’t all women that lost jobs (in the December jobs report), it was mostly Black and Latina women. In fact, white women gained employment.”
Robert Pittenger : Says the Republican plan to replace Obamacare, "absolutely does not eliminate protections for pre-existing conditions."
Facebook posts : Overnight, election workers “found” 140,000 mail in ballots in Wisconsin; 200,000 in Michigan and 1 million in Pennsylvania. “All for Biden. None for Trump.”
Facebook posts : The widow and son of a deceased military veteran looked on in horror as Speaker Nancy Pelosi ripped up a copy of the State of the Union.
Rebecca Kleefisch : “Wisconsin is second to last in the Midwest in our vaccination rate and the governor says he’s ‘satisfied.’”
Robert Hagan : Ohio taxpayers spent more than $67 million "for the year" on food stamps and Medicaid for Wal-Mart workers
Media Trackers : Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly "discovered" provisions in state law.
Barack Obama : John Boehner said the jobs of "teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters" are "'government jobs' that weren't worth saving."
American Action Network : Says the Republican tax plan "helps families" like one in which a woman lost her job and then lost her life savings fighting her husband’s cancer.
Donald Trump : “Joe Biden and the Democrats want to prosecute Americans for going to church, but not for burning a church.”
Charles Schumer : In the wake of the Republican-backed tax bill, "more than 100,000 American workers have already been laid off in 2018."
Meddaily : The flu shot is "designed to spread cancer."
Ralph Mollis : "The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools."
Donald Trump : “A Milwaukee election employee even acknowledged dropping off just the margin of ballots needed for a Biden win at 3 a.m.”
Jesse Jackson : "Homicides against blacks have tripled" since Florida’s "stand your ground" law has been in existence.
Roy Cooper : Says Dan Forest wants to use tax dollars “to help rich people send their kids to private school using vouchers.”
Ocean State Policy Research Institute : "The most significant driver of out-migration [from Rhode Island] is the estate tax."
Viral image : Says BBC prematurely reported “Ghislaine Maxwell moved to intensive care as coronavirus symptoms worsen.”
Ted Cruz : "I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York."
David A. Clarke Jr. : Says Barack Obama "said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males" and "that is a lie" because "there is no data."
Ohio Republican Party : Says Ohio's Issue 2 will create a redistricting commission that will "have a blank check to spend our money."
Bloggers : “Queen Elizabeth tests positive for COVID-19.”
Marcy Kaptur : "States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century."
Viral image : A letter from Mississippi Gov. Tate Reeves says that at “the beginning of October 2020 the statewide mask requirements will be abolished.”
Michael Bloomberg : "There is already a mosque four blocks away."
David Dewhurst : "Phoenix, Arizona, I'm told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City."
David Suetterlein : The General Assembly gave Gov. Ralph Northam “a $1 billion blank check.”
Greg Steube : "We provided terrorists in Iraq more rights and due process in the Central Criminal Court of Iraq" than House Democratic leadership has afforded President Donald Trump in the impeachment inquiry.
DeAnna Lorraine : Says of COVID-19 that Dr. Anthony Fauci "was telling people on February 29th that there was nothing to worry about and it posed no threat to the US public at large."
Adam Kinzinger : Says Rand Paul "has put out budgets to cut the military in half."
Ann Marie Buerkle : Says that, unlike the U.S. Senate, "even the Libyan government, in the middle of a civil war, passed a budget on June 15, 2011"
Rob Portman : Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will  "immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil."
Donald Trump : "We have signed more legislation than anybody. We broke the record of Harry Truman."
Rick Scott : Says Florida didn’t offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy "voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life."
Donald Trump : “In Nevada, they want to have a thing where you don’t have to have any verification of the signature” on ballots.
Mark Begich : Says Dan Sullivan approved a "light sentence" for a sex offender who got out of prison and is now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault.
Jay Rockefeller : Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
Kelley Dragoo : Ranked-choice voting “increases voter turnout and voter engagement."
Newsmax : "The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually."
Beto O'Rourke : Says that in Texas, "you can be too gay to adopt" a foster child "who needs a loving home."
TikTok posts : If you get the COVID-19 vaccine, you can't donate blood or plasma "because it's completely tainted."
Newt Gingrich : Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagan's presidency.
Wisconsin Republican Legislative leaders : "Not a dollar would be paid out until jobs in the Foxconn development area were created."
Mark Pocan : Ron Johnson didn’t “show up” for a day of impeachment hearings.
Jeff Mann : DeKalb County has been recognized in recent years as having one the best sheriff’s departments in the nation.
UniversePolitics.com : "Electoral College elector commits suicide to avoid voting for Donald Trump."
Donald Trump : Because of Obamacare "people’s premiums ... are going up 35, 45, 55 percent."
Bloggers : "Burka clad woman runs over baby, gets away with crime for one stunning reason ..."
Bloggers : NASA has discovered a new planet covered with marijuana
Keep Conservatives United : Says "Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade."
Frank Lautenberg : Says "in our gun laws we’re allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked."
Barack Obama : Says that since he took office, "there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States."
Hillary Clinton : "A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration."
Bloggers : "Omarosa Exposed: Turns out she was actually working for Hillary"
Wayne Christian : Says that the Paris Climate Accord will cost the U.S. economy "6.5 million jobs and $3 trillion in economic growth by 2040."
Facebook posts : A CNN chyron said the Boulder “shooter was factually Arabic, but morally white.”
Barack Obama : Because of the new health care law, "Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes."
YourNewsWire.com : "California lawmakers are planning to push free abortion pills on all students across the state as part of a ‘super progressive’ new policy."
Gavin McInnes : "The Civil War wasn't about slavery."
Rick Kriseman : "Unfortunately, since Mr. Foster's been mayor ... there are less people employed in the city of St. Petersburg than there were prior to his taking office."
Facebook posts : Says Ben Carson said "illegal immigrants caught voting should be stripped of their citizenship."
Steny Hoyer : "The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House."
Paul Ryan : We "have laws on the books designed to prevent people with mental illnesses from getting firearms."
Bobby Scott : "The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries," after taxes and transfers.
Amy Klobuchar : Says Pete Buttigieg ran statewide in Indiana and "lost by 20 points."
Alan Grayson : "According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth."
Mario Diaz-Balart : Says former President Barack Obama "took similar action against Cuban refugees" as President Donald Trump did in his executive order.
Rebecca Bradley : Says JoAnne Kloppenburg "has told us she thinks it's her job to promote a more equal society."
Adam Putnam : Says Ron DeSantis "voted in an agricultural bill to give food stamps to illegal immigrants."
Carly Fiorina : Says Donald Trump has "changed his mind" on abortion.
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott signed "laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest."
Progress Texas : Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
Hillary Clinton : "All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available."
Generation Forward PAC : "Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods."
Cal Cunningham : Says Thom Tillis has been “blocking his own party’s efforts to reduce the cost of prescription drugs.”
Facebook posts : Hospitals get paid $750 for patients who die from the flu, $17,500 for COVID-19.
Barack Obama : Because of Obamacare, "over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- it's true -- but they've gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years."
Wisconsin Firearms Coalition : "Governor Evers, AG Josh Kaul, and Speaker Robin Vos are demanding ‘Red Flag Gun Seizures’ for Wisconsin, which would allow gun seizures with "no proof, arrest, indictment, conviction or due process at all!"
Tom Steyer : "People haven't had a raise -- 90 percent of Americans have not had a raise for 40 years."
Color of Change : Republicans are "trying to impeach our president."
Rand Paul : Says Marco Rubio "is the one for an open border."
Republican Party of Florida : The Green New Deal "would put a $600,000 tax burden on every household."
Max Nofziger : "Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!"
Dannel Malloy : Says Chris Christie "has refused to fund pensions by billions of dollars," and got legislative approval to begin "properly funding pensions" in 2018.
Andrew Cuomo : The proposed state budget contains "an additional tax cut for the middle class."
Facebook posts : The Trump administration put secret watermarks on official ballots to trick cheating Democrats.
Katrina vanden Heuvel : Americans now "support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin."
Bernie Sanders : "African Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police."
Jimmy Carter : Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month.
Larry Elder : Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama.
Bloggers : Shoes on the Capitol lawn represent 7,182 students who were killed in U.S. schools since 2012.
Facebook posts : “Anyone remember Kamala telling Joe during the debate: ‘You will do whatever the Chinese tell you! They gave your son over a billion dollars.’”
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment."
James Edming : “You can’t tell me they can (develop a safe vaccine) in eight to 10 months. Or a year. It takes more time than that.”
George W. Bush : "My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP" was too.
Hillary Clinton : "I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class."
Terry McAuliffe : "We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it."
Claire McCaskill : "I made my decision on Kavanaugh before the allegations surfaced, and it was all about Kavanaugh's alliance and allegiance to dark money and unlimited political contributions."
Nikki Haley : Candidates who are supporting the Green New Deal are "promoting abortion in third world countries to control the population!"
Zerlina Maxwell : Says Bernie Sanders "did not mention race or gender until 23 minutes into this speech" announcing his 2020 presidential run.
Joe Biden : "95 percent of the world’s customers are … beyond our shores."
Bloggers : "BREAKING: Sheriff Joe Arpaio will take over (John) McCain’s seat in the Senate."
Facebook posts : Says “a rioter accidentally dropped” a riot manual with detailed instructions.
Bruce Rauner : "Our families have the highest property taxes in the country. We must change this."
Lindsey Graham : "If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldn't even begin to balance the budget."
Barack Obama : After they bought GST Steel, "Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden has plans to ban animal agriculture and gas-powered cars.
Donald Trump : "Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal."
Russ Feingold : Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "doesn't even believe that there's a man-made role in climate change."
Viral image : “COVID literally stands for Chinese Originated Viral Infectious Disease.”
Barack Obama : "We don't take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will."
Viral image : Says Hillary Clinton said, "This planet might be able to support perhaps as many as half of a billion people who could live a sustainable life in relative comfort. Human populations must be greatly diminished, and as quickly as possible to limit further environmental damage."
Hillary Clinton : "Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository."
Jon Kyl : "President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who now sits on the Supreme Court."
Facebook posts : Says Red Cross President and CEO Marsha J. Evans makes "$651,957 plus expenses" a year and "only 9 cents of every dollar" donated to the organization goes to helping people in need.
Bernie Sanders : “Pete Buttigieg is a favorite candidate of Wall Street and the health care industry.”
Sherill Sellman : Silver Solution used on strains of coronavirus "totally eliminate it. Kills it. Deactivates it.”
Lamar Smith : "We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers."
Citizens for a Progressive Wisconsin : "While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money."
Bob Donovan : "Since 2015, the City of Milwaukee has spent more than $22 million on settlements with litigants accusing police of misconduct."
Sydney Batch : "Yesterday afternoon the Republicans in the General Assembly used the nuclear option to pass North Carolina's over $20 billion budget."
National Right to Life Committee : The Baucus bill "contains provisions that would send massive federal subsidies directly to both private insurance plans and government-chartered cooperatives that pay for elective abortion."
Connie Mack : "I have a very conservative voting record."
Sean Duffy : Says special counsel Robert Mueller "has brought in Democrat campaign donors at a very high level" on his team of lawyers.
Occupy Democrats : "Ted Cruz had a net worth of $500K when he entered the Senate in 2012. Now he’s worth $4.6 million. Pretty impressive for a guy with a $174K salary."
Hillary Clinton : The Great Recession emerged "in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm."
Gwen Moore : “324,000 pregnant people experience domestic violence during their pregnancy.”
Al Hunt : "This is not a mosque. It's a cultural center that has a prayer area."
George Allen : Says he "cut taxes by more than $600 million" when he was governor.
Donald Trump : Goodyear Tires “announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS…This is what the Radical Left Democrats do.”
Bruce Elfant : Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
Amy Klobuchar : Says Judge Brett Kavanaugh "ruled that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was unconstitutional (reversed by full Circuit Court)."
Brian Fitzpatrick : “For the World Health Organization, the international entity whose sole responsibility it is to alert the world of global pandemics like this, to miss this, is a huge problem.”
Donald Trump : The coronavirus has seen a “big surge in New Zealand. It's terrible. We don't want that."
Stephen Sweeney : Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie "promised no school cuts."
John Boehner : "There's still about $400 billion or $500 billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent. Why don't we stop it."
Dale Peterson : Says his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.
Larry O'Connor : "25 percent of federal inmates are noncitizens."
John Kelly : "Many of the countries in question (in Trump’s travel ban) don't even have a U.S. embassy there to help us vet."
Laura Ingraham : After the attack on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, "the ambassador's body was dragged through the street."
Cory Booker : Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek "took us into arbitration."
Ted Cruz : Says President Barack Obama "appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns."
Nancy Pelosi : Says voter roll purge would mean "more than 200,000 registered Wisconsin voters will be prohibited from voting."
Chris Christie : "The people who were running the budget, in the Corzine years, decided to steal from the unemployment trust fund. … As did other Governors before. We simply don’t do that, haven’t done it, and won’t permit it."
Donald Trump : "We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, very importantly."
Bob Kincaid : "Most of West Virginia is still owned, in excess of 90 percent, by out-of-state interests."
Rick Perry : Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, "doesn’t even have a ZIP code."
Jim Moran : House Republicans required the use of Styrofoam cups in House cafeterias that are "part of Koch Industries."
Michele Bachmann : Ezekiel Emanuel, one of President Obama's key health care advisers, "says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled. So watch out if you're disabled."
Donald Trump : Says Jeb Bush "said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that."
Jeb Bush : Says that during his eight years as Florida governor, "we created 1.3 million net new jobs -- more jobs created than Texas."
Bill de Blasio : "We’ve lifted hundreds of thousands of people out of poverty in the last five years."
Miami Seaport Alliance : David Beckham’s soccer stadium would get a "special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years."
Mitt Romney : "Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent."
Facebook posts : News outlets reported that the Nashville bomber died of COVID-19.
Chain email : "Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year."
Richard Corcoran : "Most of these mass shootings take place in (areas) where you're not allowed to have a concealed weapons permit."
John McCain : Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
Rick Scott : Says "Nicolás Maduro is carrying out a genocide on his people."
Vern Buchanan : "In Florida, illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly $4 billion (a year). This amounts to $700 for every household in Florida."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney plans to "fire" Big Bird.
Jack Seiler : "No one was taken into custody" for feeding the homeless.
Chris Christie : Says New Jersey is "50th in return of our federal tax dollars."
New Hampshire Democratic Party : Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obama’s term "would leave the nation’s highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy."
Donald Trump : "The entire Database of Maricopa County in Arizona has been DELETED!"
Bloggers : “Piles of bricks are being staged in cities around the country, indicating riots are planned.”
Facebook posts : Says Rihanna hired "five planes that carried 90,000 liters of water to support the fire control" in the Amazon rainforest.
American Federation for Children : "Senator Jeff Plale saved my job" -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
Tweets : Says President Donald Trump said asylum seekers "aren't people. These are animals."
Mark Warner : Says 70,000 children "have lost their Head Start slots" because of the sequester.
Viral image : Says Bill Murray said "The best way to teach your kids about taxes is by eating 30% of their ice cream."
Barack Obama : "We’ve doubled the production of clean energy."
Scott Brown : "I’m ninth generation from New Hampshire."
Morgan Griffith : "On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first."
Greg Steube : "You know how many children in the history of the United States have died in a fire (at school)? Zero."
Facebook posts : Caitlyn Jenner “literally killed someone 6 years ago in the streets and was released by a District Attorney.”
Facebook posts : Maxine Waters could be “sentenced” for “jury tampering.”
Patrick Lynch : "Deepwater's own testimony . . . is they said they'll create six jobs."
Facebook posts : “Coolmath Games is being taken down cause it was run by the Mexican drug cartel?”
Mark Pocan : Wisconsin was the "first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation."
Chuck Grassley : "I haven't missed a vote since 1993."
Paul Broun : According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.
Ken Cuccinelli : A federal pilot program to DNA test illegal immigrants showed "something like 30% (of test subjects) are fake families."
Rob Cornilles : Says Suzanne Bonamici "supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year."
Barack Obama : John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
Facebook posts : U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz was the lone vote in the House against an anti-human trafficking bill.
YouTube videos : Says a video shows a fox allowing itself “to feed koala babies in Australia.”
Delaware Health and Social Services : "March 2019 and on-going food benefits WILL NOT be available until further notice. Clients are encouraged to use their food benefits as soon as possible in case SNAP benefits are unavailable in March."
George Allen : Takes credit for "reining in" state spending when he was governor.
Bill Nelson : Says it wasn't until he and a Senate colleague were able to "wrangle the actual streaming video" from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow.
Marco Rubio : "Fifty-seven" of  Rubio's 100 ideas "ultimately became law."
Joe Biden : "If Gov. Romney's plan goes into effect … the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security."
David DiPietro : When it comes to how many of the 35 different federal welfare benefits each state can offer, "the average in the country is about 12 to 14. Why are we giving every one?"
Jane Kidd : "Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year."
Donald Trump : Says video shows Kyle Rittenhouse, the 17-year-old charged with killing two protesters in Kenosha, "was trying to get away from them" ... "fell, and then they violently attacked him."
Barack Obama : "Foreign aid makes up about 1 percent of our entire budget."
Paul Ryan : "We’ve got dozens of counties around America that have zero insurers left."
Mark Pocan : Under the "cromnibus" law, taxpayers must guarantee "incredibly risky" derivatives deals made by the nation's largest banks.
John McCain : If parents "don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."
Donald Trump : "All pipelines that are coming into this country from now on has to be American steel."
Louie Gohmert : "Forty years ago, hardly anybody in the country had health insurance."
Viral image : Says John Wayne said, "If you don’t want an American flag flying in your town square or at your school, then why the hell are you living in the US?"
Farouk Shami : "Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company."
Kevin Parker : “Law enforcement violence is the leading cause of death for young Black men and women in the US.”
Lloyd Doggett : "The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas."
Clay Aiken : Says Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times.
Whoopi Goldberg : Says Barack Obama "didn’t do executive orders in the beginning."
Stephen King : Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, "homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent."
Barack Obama : Says Ronald Reagan "understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases."
Scott Walker : "Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate," and Wisconsin is "one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally."
Bloggers : "Florida school drops Common Core – soars to number one"
Viral image : Says CNN reported that Joe Biden authorized “a U.S. intervention in Haiti after the assassination of President Jovenel Moïse.”
Facebook posts : Says President Donald Trump "fired Lt. Col. Vindman because he testified agaisnt (sic) him and corroborated the Whistleblowers (sic) testimony."
Doctors Without Borders : Trade deals threaten "India’s role as the pharmacy of the developing world" for new HIV medicines.
Mitch McConnell : A public option for health care would end private insurance "because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option."
Betsy Miller-Jones : "Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?"
National Rifle Association : More people die from "medical misadventures" than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida.
Kirsten Gillibrand : "The truth is this tax [plan] raises middle-class taxes."
TheSeattleTribune.com : "Trump’s Android device believed to be source of recent White House leaks."
William Weld : Says "76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld, by name, in the presidential debates."
Ted Strickland : Says Ohio’s economic recovery "started in February 2010."
Thom Tillis : Says a lack of transparency for small-dollar donations is the “same thing” as dark money
Howard Marklein : Beer drinking is not allowed in any Illinois state parks.
David Dewhurst : "Soy ... el único official estatal quién es un hombre de negocios."
Facebook posts : Says Scott Walker said "Labor unions don’t deserve to have a national holiday" due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday "should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11."
Aziz Ansari : "46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact" in Japan.
Samuel Wurzelbacher : Says Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans.
Mark Pocan : "In WI, over 79% of Title X patients rely on Planned Parenthood for their basic health care."
Joe Manchin : "Nearly 20 million Americans ... have gained health insurance since (the Affordable Care Act) passed in 2010."
Barack Obama : Says "we have now more Border Patrol officers … than we’ve had at any time in our history."
Greg Abbott : "On a per capita basis, Irving-Las Colinas has more Fortune 500 companies than any city in the United States of America."
David Dooley : "We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine."
Matt Lundy : "The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons."
Samuel Wurzelbacher : "Marcy Kaptur voted against a ban which would have prevented the aborting of a baby girl for the sole reason that she's a girl."
Scott Walker : Tax cuts approved and those proposed in his state budget "will exceed $8 billion by the time the budget is done."
John DePetro : "For the past eight years, Gov. Carcieri and Mrs. Carcieri would host the lighting of the State House Christmas tree."
Bob Corker : The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
Facebook posts : Video shows “pupils in Nigeria running away from being vaccinated.”
Facebook posts : “Inauguration Cancelled, Trump Remains in Office.”
Alan Grayson : "In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there."
Pat Robertson : President Barack Obama attended  "an Islamic madrassa."
No Tax For Tracks : Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.
Viral image : Aunt Jemima was photographed chained to a table.
Mike Collier : "The state is set to recapture an additional $500 million in Robin Hood payments from taxpayers and not one penny of it will go to public education in Texas."
Facebook posts : Lists eight wealthy politicians and public figures who “got millions (or close to it) in PPP loans.”
Alberta Darling : At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving "at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income" students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
Barack Obama : John McCain "has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran."
Barack Obama : Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett "has held the line on property taxes."
NextGen Climate Action Committee : Says Ken Cuccinelli wants "to eliminate all forms of birth control."
Republican Party of Florida : Loranne Ausley "voted six times to tax your savings."
Barack Obama : McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is "the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
Brian Deese : "We've seen 115,000 jobs created in the American auto industry since GM and Chrysler emerged from bankruptcy."
Mitt Romney : President Obama’s health care law "represents a government takeover of health care."
Scott Wagner : Gov. Wolf is trying to implement "a severance tax that would be financed by Pennsylvania’s working class"
Paul Ryan : Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
Newt Gingrich : "The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because … twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created."
Charlie Kirk : "Joe Biden admits he is governing like a 'dictator.'"
Rachel Maddow : Says "tanking" Rick Perry’s federal tax plan has "huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else."
Ted Cruz : "In 2010, 48,000 felons and fugitives lied and illegally tried to purchase guns. They [The Obama administration] prosecuted only 44 of them."
Ted Cruz : "In 2015 roughly 10,000 political arrests occurred in Cuba. That is five times as many as occurred in 2010, when there were only about 2,000."
Wendy Davis : Says Greg Abbott "has lost" in court "four times in just the past few days."
Bloggers : If you get a flu shot, you're "poisoning yourself."
Will Weatherford : "Expanding Medicaid would require borrowing more money, drastically expanding our deficit."
Maurice Ferre : Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek "has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party."
Instagram posts : "Dandelion root is able to kill 98% of cancer cells within 48 hours."
Donald Trump : Says Russian President Vladimir Putin "calls me brilliant."
Bob McDonnell : "Our crime rate continues to plummet."
Nrt Online : "BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi to resign after new revelations."
The Patriot Report : "Mueller will be forced to resign over Pelosi affair."
Chris Matthews : Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket.
Gabrielle Giffords : "In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks."
Mandy Cohen : "Covid-19 is now the leading cause of death in the United States."
Joe Biden : Referring to the Iraq War, "immediately, the moment it started, I came out against the war at that moment."
Mimi Walters : Says Katie Porter is part of a "radical group of Democrats with an extreme agenda to abolish ICE."
Sean Hannity : Says U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson "voted with the Democrats in Congress nearly 95 percent of the time."
William Barr : "The White House fully cooperated with the Special Counsel’s investigation."
Bill Cassidy : "Only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did Harry Reid and Senate Democrats take action."
County Line : Says that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014.
Barack Obama : "Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close."
Barack Obama : Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has "created about 500,000 new jobs."
Roy Cooper : “With retail, people are moving around and you don’t have as much a chance to spread the virus (as you do) when people are sitting or standing indoors” for long periods of time.
Jana Duty : Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
Leticia Van de Putte : "Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary."
Mitt Romney : "Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump got “exposed for raping a 13-year-old" in retaliation for law enforcement officers “killing black people.”
David Perdue : Says Jon Ossoff is “a socialist.”
David Wyss : State governments have little ability to stimulate job growth in the short run.
Jeff Tittel : "One of the reasons that Budweiser stayed in New Jersey is the money they got from RGGI to put solar on their roof to save on their energy costs."
Rand Paul : Says Hillary Clinton "completely ignored" "dozens and dozens of requests for more security" for the Benghazi consulate.
Martin Frost : Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a state’s rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
Phil Scott : "We had a waiting list in Chittenden County when I came into office of about 700. ... We opened a new treatment hub in St. Albans, and it reduced that number to zero."
Jeff Mullis : Georgia loses "millions of dollars of revenue because people go out of state to buy fireworks."
Facebook posts : “Bill Gates Explains That The COVID Vaccine Will Use Experimental Technology And Permanently Alter Your DNA”
Marco Rubio : Says “Dr. Fauci lied about masks in March.”
Marco Rubio : "A minor cannot get a tattoo without parental consent but can get an abortion without parental consent."
J.D. Hayworth : McCain opposed the border fence.
Video for Atlanta Super Bowl bid presentation : "Our population has grown from about 1 million in the 1970s to almost 7 million today."
George LeMieux : "(George) LeMieux never requested a single earmark and pushed to ban them all."
Donald Trump : "Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors"
Herman Cain : Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden’s “capital gains tax means that when you sell your home you’ll owe taxes of 40% of your profit!”
Ron Paul : "The money supply has doubled in the last year."
Dan Patrick : "As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session."
Florida Democratic Party : "Nearly 7 million Floridians have pre-existing conditions — but Rick Scott and Florida Republicans wants to take away their health care coverage by ending the Affordable Care Act."
Michelle Obama : "I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves."
Scott Beck : "It is a carbon tax whether it is convenient to say it or not."
Lincoln Chafee : "Since I took office in January 2011, we have created 11,100 Rhode Island-based jobs."
Hank Gilbert : "Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans."
Barack Obama : "We’ve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion."
Democratic Governors Association : "Texas Governor Rick Perry’s voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters."
Sherrod Brown : "When Josh Mandel claims to have accepted three debates with Sen. Sherrod Brown, he is lying. He has accepted ZERO proposed debates."
Barack Obama : "Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape."
Facebook posts : "In Congress, Elizabeth Warren introduced 110 bills. 2 passed. Cory Booker introduced 120 bills. 0 passed. Kamala Harris introduced 54 bills. 0 passed. Bernie Sanders never held a job until age 53. He lived off of welfare and four different women."
Kurt Browning : "Early voting remains at 96 hours."
Chris Redfern : "Six out of 10 of the highest unemployment rates are also in so-called right to work states."
Daniel Lipinski : Says the Affordable Care Act “took money out of the Medicare trust fund.”
Allen West : The Navy "is bringing charges against" a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter "for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property."
Travis County Republican Party : Says recent changes to Austin city policy give homeless people more rights than property owners and allow for "homeless camps on private property, business frontage, and even public sidewalks."
Scott Walker : "When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary," Wisconsin saw "billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage."
Chain email : Says there are thousands of registered voters over 110 years old in North Carolina, including one who is 219 years old.
Steve Adler : "Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents."
Eddie Rodriguez : "We’re losing almost 6,000 state jobs."
AFSCME People : Says Mike DeWine took $40,000 from ECOT and "did nothing while the online for-profit school lied about enrollment and took millions meant for our kids."
Marcia Fudge : The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments "for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes."
Democratic Party of Oregon : "In fact, 85 percent of Oregonians voted in 2008."
Natasha Marcus : Says there’s "no wait list" for private school vouchers
Robert Chody : "Almost half of all vehicles stolen in Texas each year had keys left inside."
Allen Thomas : "Currently, 23 percent of our military's infrastructure is graded as 'poor' while 9 percent is 'failing.'"
Barack Obama : The "most realistic estimates" for jobs created by Keystone XL are "maybe 2,000 jobs during the construction of the pipeline."
Terry McAuliffe : Before April 22, "we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms."
Bloggers : Uses a picture of a mansion to say that Rep. Nancy Pelosi lives surrounded by "a high perimeter wall with gun toting security."
Ed Doyle : Proposed gun control legislation "will outlaw practically every firearm, make you pay $100 per firearm, put you into a police database" and make it "nearly impossible" to get a permit to carry a concealed weapon.
Mike Martinez : Austin mayoral candidate "Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade."
Government is Not God PAC : "Barack Hussein Obama will … force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies."
Mitt Romney : "In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did."
David Ralston : The Georgia Senate ethics resolution "doesn't define cap."
Steve King : The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create "special protection for pedophiles."
Greg Abbott : Says George Soros has "unloaded a whopping $1 million to install his liberal puppets in positions of power" in Texas this fall.
Ted Cruz : "Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733."
John Kasich : "We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape."
Brian Kolb : "New York state spends more than $8 billion in taxpayer money each year on job-creation programs - more than the combined total of the next three largest states"
Donald Trump : Says Georgia’s secretary of state won’t let the people recounting ballots check the signatures for fraud.
Kenneth Block : In Rhode Island, "Nearly 9 percent of covered employees go out on short term disability every year, with an average outage from work of almost 12 weeks each."
Kimberly Guilfoyle : If you log into the government's Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can "seize all of your personal and private" information, and track your computer activity.
John McCain : "The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops."
Scott Walker : “The U.S. Senate cannot convict a former President.”
Rashad Taylor : "More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry."
Viral image : Ivanka Trump’s shoe line is made in China but is exempt from tariffs.
USF Divest : Says the University of South Florida invests in oil companies like BP, tobacco companies, weapons manufacturers and private prisons.
Facebook posts : Photos show Joe Biden didn’t drive himself during an electric vehicle test drive.
Michael Dougherty : “Some states are only getting 50 tests per day, and the Utah Jazz got 58.”
Jody Conradt : "All" University of Texas "student-athletes get an iPad."
Facebook posts : “The NAACP has received credible information that some of the white nationalist groups … will be looking to snatch black men and boys and hang them, shoot them, torture them and kill them.”
Jim Webb : In 1968 "the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average worker’s pay. Today that multiple is about 350."
Aubrey Huff : Hank Aaron and Marvelous Marvin Hagler died “after taking the COVID-19 vaccine.”
John DePetro : "Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city."
The Tax Foundation : Says Tennessee has some of the lowest beer excise tax rates in the country.
Greg Abbott : “Innocent lives will be saved” by ending taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood.
David Dewhurst : "You’ve got almost twice as many cops in New York City as you do on our entire border. That’s nuts."
Rick Perry : "We don't get a lot of calls from this White House… I have, frankly, never had a call from them."
Ron DeSantis : Says Andrew Gillum was "singing a different tune" about charter schools at the Florida debate.
Michael Burgess : Of shelters for immigrant children: "You know what? There's not a lock on the door. Any child is free to leave at anytime, but they don't. You know why? Because they are well taken care of."
John Boehner : "Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy."
David Cicilline : Says an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force "does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members."
Todd Richardson : Says Missouri families’ "earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century."
Jim Ott : "Municipalities are now required to have two or more polling locations opened 24-hours a day, two weeks before any election."
Kathie Glass : Says Rick Perry recently said he "wanted another (Texas) business tax."
Jeff Stone : Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, "failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times."
Lupe Valdez : "After Texas cut" its "two-year family planning budget by $73 million, one in four clinics closed their doors."
Meg Whitman : Steve Poizner "increased his department's budget nearly 14 percent."
Bernie Sanders : "In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didn't they come, but they lost so many jobs."
Facebook posts : “Same little boy died of COVID-19 in three different countries. Still don’t believe the media is #fakenews?”
Scott Fitzgerald : Universal background checks involve asking people "to submit the serial numbers to their guns to a state or federal official," and that violates the Second Amendment.
Devin Nunes : President Trump has signed more bills into law "than any president previously before at this stage in the game."
Donald Trump : "The United States has a massive trade deficit with Japan. It's anywhere from $69 billion to a $100 billion a year."
Scott Walker : Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
Karl Rove : "Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43."
Facebook posts : Says Dr. Anthony Fauci “stands to lose 100 million dollars on Bill Gates ‘vaccine’ for the coronavirus. Because he invested in this vaccine.”
Facebook posts : "China produces 90% of the world’s carbon emissions pollution."
Tom Price : "In the last five years only one out of 60 -- one out of 60 -- appropriations bills has been passed on time before the end of the fiscal year."
Rand Paul : "We've repealed regulations for the first time in 20 years using the Congressional Review Act -- three regulations that were going to cost the economy hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of jobs."
Bill Pascrell : "New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country."
Our Oregon : Says that "the state spends more money on tax giveaways than it receives in tax collection."
Bobby Scott : Republicans "created a trillion dollar prescription drug entitlement program without paying for it."
Viral image : Says Taco Bell is selling menudo for the month of November.
Saxby Chambliss : Says "an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt" every day.
SEIU : Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner "blocked immigration reform" and "voted to deport our DREAMers."
Ron Johnson : The GOP’s Obamacare replacement would reduce subsidies that help lower-income people buy health insurance, but also "expand the entitlement" by giving subsidies to higher-income people "that Obamacare never helped."
John O'Bannon : Says "some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit."
Yes on 55 : California’s Prop 55 "prevents $4 billion in new cuts to our schools."
Donald Trump : There was "serious voter fraud" in Virginia.
Donna Brazile : Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. "spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy" and "trillions" each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits.
Jeb Bush : "I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field)."
Edward Flynn : Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is "among the lowest" in the country.
Marco Rubio : "Even after Syrian troops began to shoot protesters in the streets with live ammunition in 2011, Clinton labeled Bashar al-Assad a ‘reformer.' "
Joe Manchin : Says West Virginia is "down to around 50 percent of the adult workers who are actually working now because of addiction or conviction."
Bee Moorhead : Texas has "outstripped the national poverty rate" since "at least 1959."
Matthew Rosendale : Says he "fights for everyone with a preexisting condition.”
David Cicilline : Annual precipitation "has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century."
John Whitbeck : Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland "voted to uphold" D.C.’s ban on handguns.
Donald Trump : "Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent."
National Partnership for Women & Families : "Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent."
Federation for American Immigration Reform : "Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin" as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of "immigration increases."
Facebook posts : “Dems have removed any mention of ‘God’ from their Platform.”
Rick Perry : Says Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system.
Facebook posts : “Bill Gates told us about the coronavirus in 2015.”
React365.com : Says the University of Florida "requests to cancel rivalry game" against Florida State University.
Allen West : In June 2012 "we actually had more people go on Social Security Disability [85,000] ... than the 80,000 jobs that were created."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Says Gov. Rick Scott "cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the state’s mosquito research lab a few years ago."
Louie Gohmert : Says George Washington said a free people should be armed to guard against government tyranny.
David Axelrod : "Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined."
Greater Wisconsin Committee : Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac "was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years."
Hillary Clinton : "The only years that anybody's ever seen" of Donald Trump’s tax returns "showed he didn't pay any federal income tax."
Ultraviolet : Says Jeb Bush "appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor."
Mitt Romney : Says President Obama has "doubled" the deficit.
Viral image : Pope Francis uses a modest compact car to get around, while Creflo Dollar drives an expensive sports car.
Facebook posts : “Trump and McConnell are blocking stimulus checks for Americans married to immigrants.”
Bloggers : Says Mike Pence was caught on a hot mic delivering empty boxes of PPE to a nursing home and pretended they were heavy.
Bloggers : Says Chuck Schumer said "it’s racist to only allow citizens to vote."
Bill O'Neill : "In recent years, Rep. LaTourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by 551.6 percent."
Louis Marinelli : "Two years ago, the longest serving leader of the California republic, Jerry Brown, boldly declared in China that California is a separate nation."
Tweets : “Gina Haspel, CIA head is dead!”
Facebook posts : Says Democratic leaders aren’t wearing masks or social distancing in private
Karen Harrington : "In 2011, (Debbie) Wasserman Schultz missed 62 congressional votes — one of the worst records of any member of Congress."
Rush Limbaugh : "What Trump is alleged to have done is actually no different than what Barack Obama did in April last year when he made it known that he didn’t want Hillary prosecuted."
Facebook posts : “Corona Virus claims a black belt. Chuck Norris, Dead at 80.”
Diane Ravitch : "Test scores had gone up steadily for 40 years until No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top."
John Calipari : "We have the highest graduation rate of basketball players in the history of the NCAA. We have the highest graduation rate of African-American basketball players in the history of the NCAA in basketball."
Viral image : A photo shows Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson on Epstein Island.
Donald Trump : “Only 6% of the people actually died from COVID.” The others “died from other reasons.”
Wisconsin Assembly Republicans : "Governor Evers' budget would increase property taxes by the largest amount in a decade"
Darin LaHood : "93% of the (COVID-19) cases in the state of Illinois have come from Chicago."
Wiley Nickel : Says a Republican bill "pays for school construction with teacher pay raises."
John Lewis : The inauguration of Donald Trump "will be the first one that I miss since I've been in Congress."
The Other 98% : "The same 3 senators who have spent the last 3 years s------- themselves over ‘Benghazi!’ just introduced a bill to reduce embassy security by 50 percent."
Elijah Cummings : The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau "is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees."
Hillary Mann Leverett : ISIS sends out "90,000 social (media) messages a day."
Tweets : “40,000 rejected vote by mail ballots in DeKalb County need to be cured by Friday or they will be tossed.”
Daily World Update : "Breaking: Santa Fe killer expresses his love for Obama."
Barack Obama : Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."
Gina Raimondo : "The average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt."
Donald Trump : Says North Carolina just landed an auto plant.
Melissa Melendez : California Gov. Jerry Brown has proposed "diverting 30 percent of the funding" from the state’s gas tax increase "to non-road related projects like building parks and job training for felons."
YouTube videos : Says the Vatican confirmed that Pope Francis and two aides tested positive for coronavirus.
Delia Lopez : A bill by Earl Blumenauer would "mandate GPS tracking devices on all our vehicles."
John Kasich : Says "Detroit dumping a bunch of sewage" in Lake Erie "causes big problems" for Ohio.
Instagram posts : Quotes Sen. Mitt Romney as saying: “The Merrick Garland decision wasn’t unfair & the notion that someone has to pay the price to make up for it is wrong.”
Bill Clinton : "Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico."
Bloggers : "Target to discontinue sale of Holy Bible."
Jake Tapper : The second presidential impeachment of Donald Trump was “the most bipartisan impeachment in American history.”
Facebook posts : “The flu killed 80,000 people in the U.S. last year”
Republican National Committee : "The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it."
Rand Paul : The debt limit deal "allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money."
Brendan Doherty : Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he "votes about 66 percent with his own party."
Joseph Levy : Says indoor workers get "less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas."
Rick Scott : "We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job."
Facebook posts : “As of the last 24 hours this is the protocol regarding masks: Masks should only be used by healthcare workers, caretakers or by people who are sick with symptoms like fever and cough.”
Sarah Palin : "Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago."
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : Says four Democratic state senators voted to "raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care."
Bill Kristol : Says President Barack Obama "came into office very concerned about" wiretappings but "then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings … (and) he decided … the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck."
Viral image : A bike a boy chained to a tree in Washington state in 1914 is now a fallen soldier memorial.
Fran Millar : "We have reduced funding for education the least. They've suffered the least cuts."
John Edwards : "I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004."
Paul Broun : "In the last two years, I have supported and proposed $155 billion worth of targeting cuts. Dr. Gingrey has presented zero."
Marco Rubio : China is "practicing how to blow up our satellites."
Paul Ryan : "To this day, (the Cuban government) is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says "Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton."
George P. Bush : "The Alamo has been consistently listed as one of the most disappointing landmarks in our nation."
Facebook posts : Quotes Andy Borowitz as saying "stopping Hillary is a short-term solution. The long-term solution — and it will be more difficult — is fixing the educational system that has created so many people ignorant enough to vote for Hillary."
Ted Cruz : Says our national debt is greater than our gross domestic product.
Rick Scott : "Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals."
Chris Cummiskey : Georgia is the second-fastest growing state for international tourists.
Bloggers : Say Oscar Pistorius "commits suicide in prison."
League of Women Voters of Florida : The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE "database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls."
Scott Walker : "We don't get any of that information" from the federal government on who refugees are, where they come from and how long they are likely to stay.
Charles Schumer : "With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures."
Peter DeFazio : "Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct" because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides.
House Republican Conference : Health care reform "requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."
Christopher L. Smith : Florida is "second in the nation in the uninsured."
Hillary Clinton : "The top 25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of America's kindergarten teachers combined."
Facebook posts : "California's Attorney General, Xavier Becerra is putting together plans to raise property tax revenue by eliminating the only thing keeping some people's property tax from sky rocketing, Prop 13."
Drudge Report : Says Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald "Sterling is a Democrat."
Pat Toomey : McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she 'has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the 'T' part of the state' outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
Greg Abbott : "8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo."
Ending Spending Action Fund : "In six years, (U.S. Rep. Gary) Peters introduced zero bills that became law."
Bloggers : "Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israel for (the) election."
John Kasich : Agriculture "is the strongest industry in Ohio."
Progress Texas : "The Confederate battle flag never flew over Texas, but... you might soon see it on our license plates."
Julie Pace : "Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria."
Barack Obama : "We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas."
Howard Dean : "All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board."
Facebook posts : “California literally just told everyone to not charge their electric cars due to power shortage.”
Nathan Deal : Says his plan to end the toll on Ga. 400 fulfills his campaign promise to commuters.
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott’s record on jobs includes Florida "ranked 2nd in the nation in long-term unemployment."
Bloggers : Say video "shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course."
Barack Obama : "In Chicago, school is never canceled" because of winter weather.
John Kitzhaber : "It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison."
Nathan Deal : "Handel endorsed gay adoption" in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
John Loud : "These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education."
Tim Ryan : Attacks on Planned Parenthood "come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 don’t have access to health care."
Al Gore : Says electric utilities "are trying to fool you into amending your state Constitution in a way that gives them the authority to shut down net metering."
TeddyStick.com : "Democrat Maxine Waters has shown up to only 10 percent of congressional meetings for 35 years."
Kamala Harris : "In 30 states, average teacher pay is less than the living wage for a family of four."
Tom Coburn : "Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government."
John McCain : "The Iranians continue – in the view of every objective observer – continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons."
Chris Murphy : "In year No. 1, 14 million Americans lose coverage," according to the CBO.
Terry Van Duyn : "Over 1,000 people were denied a ballot on Election Day" in the 2016 North Carolina primaries.
Facebook posts : "Michigan has requested a full forensic audit."
Shelley Moore Capito : "A study shows that households neighboring West Virginia could be on the hook for upwards of $70,000 in the first year alone under the Green New Deal!"
Instagram posts : "Mountains of data" show drug ivermectin "basically obliterates" COVID-19 transmission.
Stuart Sternberg : The Tampa Bay Rays' "prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports."
Jennifer Horn : "For more than 80 years, there has not been a nomination and confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice in a presidential election year. This is simply not the time to break with decades of bipartisan practice."
Jon Ossoff : Says David Perdue “hasn't held a single public town hall meeting in six years” and “sells four meetings a year and a retreat on a private island for a $7,500 corporate PAC check.”
Roger Williams : Says Texas has “lower taxes and less regulations than anywhere else in the U.S.”
John Kasich : "You know what Truman said, ‘You want a friend in Washington, buy a dog.’ "
Gavin Newsom : "The vast majority" of San Francisco’s homeless people "also come in from — and we know this — from Texas. Just (an) interesting fact."
Arthenia Joyner : "When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when people's lives were put into these situations."
Kyrsten Sinema : Says she is "the only candidate for Senate who refuses to cut Medicare and Social Security or raise the retirement age."
Jeff Kruse : Michigan and Massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and "could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there."
Crossroads GPS : "Our country's got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more."
Tommy Tuberville : Amid COVID-19, 25 of the 26 Republican governors "have decided to play football," but "three-fourths" of the 24 Democratic governors "have decided not to play already and most will probably not play.”
Vance Smith : Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
Facebook posts : A Dominion representative in Gwinnett County improperly downloaded election data to “manipulate the data.”
Wendy Davis : "Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job."
Kendrick Meek : "There’s a mosque inside of the Pentagon."
Bloggers : Said that man wearing racist shirt was working at a polling station in Mississippi.
Harry Reid : "Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security."
Nancy Pelosi : President Trump "hasn’t built any new (border) wall" during his time in office.
Bloggers : Say "Dunkin' Donuts is providing a free Ḍozen Doughnut Box to everyone! to celebrate 68th Anniversary!"
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns."
We Are Ohio : Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees "exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5."
Trey Blocker : Says the Texas Department of Agriculture didn’t notify over 700 Texas students about a computer hack releasing critical personal information including Social Security numbers until 32 days after the breach.
Mike Mullen : "Historically," Senate ratification of arms control treaties "has been bipartisan."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden “helps build Afghanistan’s pipeline.”
Donald Trump : Says the media cut out his request of Russian hackers to find Hillary Clinton’s emails “right at the end so that you don’t see the laughter, the joke.”
Rush Limbaugh : "Some of the wealthiest Americans are African-American now."
Facebook posts : Quotes Thomas Jefferson as saying that "a government big enough to give you everything you want, is strong enough to take everything you have."
George Will : "Social Security was advocated … in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country."
Joe Straus : Says state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders "funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students."
Viral image : "D.A.R.E. removed cannabis from its list of gateway drugs."
Michele Bachmann : "The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve."
Austan Goolsbee : Extending current tax rates would "average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires."
Mark Walker : "The debate on securing our border can't be measured in partisan jabs. It has to be measured in the human toll caused by porous borders: 1/3 migrant women are sexually assaulted;  7/10 migrants are victims of violence; 20k migrant children were illegally smuggled last month."
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack "is protecting Chevron oil from a multi-billion dollar lawsuit over pollution of rivers and rainforests."
George LeMieux : U.S. Rep. Connie Mack "voted to raise his own pay several times."
Bob Casey : "[The Foundation for Individual Rights] is the recipient of donations from [DeVos] totaling about 25,000 bucks over four years."
Barack Obama : "The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. It’s just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to."
Gerry Connolly : "It's estimated we leave somewhere north of $350 billion a year - that's billion - a year on the table uncollected because IRS doesn't have the resources."
Free Thought Project : “State Forces Citizens to Pay for ‘Stargazing Permit’ to View Night Sky in Public Parks”
Facebook posts : “Jay-Z and Beyonce are buying back DMX’s masters for $10 Million and giving to his kids for free.”
Mitt Romney : "I don't have lobbyists running my campaign."
Mike Pence : The stimulus bill contains "$20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers" and "$25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs."
Mike Pence : “And I heard that just yesterday, Joe Biden said that well-armed police in his words ‘become the enemy’ and he said that he would ‘absolutely cut funding for law enforcement.’”
Terry McAuliffe : Says he faced "a record budget deficit" in Virginia in 2014.
Julie Pace : The Obama administration is using as its "legal justification for these airstrikes (on the Islamic State), an authorization for military force that the president himself has called for repeal of."
Elizabeth Warren : Mergers and integration in agribusiness "squeeze" family farms, and "the result is that farmers are getting a record-low amount of every dollar Americans spend on food."
Hillary Clinton : "Back in the Great Recession, when millions of  jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didn’t really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, ‘Let it go.’ "
Chain email : Medicare insurance premiums will be rising to "$120.20 per month in 2013 and $247.00 per month in 2014."
Facebook posts : Says Michele Bachmann said on Fox News, "This country could use a president like Benjamin Franklin again."
Charles Schumer : "The Republicans are proposing to pay for their giant tax cut to the rich by gutting Medicare and Medicaid."
David Pennington : The proposed transportation bill "could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history."
Bill White : “In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry flew to five cities at taxpayers’ expense, holding press conferences, delivering $2,325,000 in checks.”
Alberta Darling : Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit "for the first time in decades."
Facebook posts : "Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states."
Elizabeth Warren : "We lag behind many other developed nations in connectivity and speed, while also paying more for that service."
George Will : "When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it."
BuzzFeed : "In Providence, R.I., it's illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday."
Boyd Richie : Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
WorldNetDaily : "California To Register Illegal Aliens To Vote – Automatically."
Donald Trump : Changes to DACA during his administration are "because of the pandemic."
Wendy Davis : "Greg Abbott said it would be a ‘waste’ to expand pre-k to all Texas children."
Richard Licht : Proposed fees for Rhode Island beaches will still be "less than some of the town beaches."
Senate Majority PAC : Says "Scott Brown’s carrying some big oil baggage" because he "collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions."
Mandy Cohen : Says the number of spoiled coronavirus vaccines in North Carolina is “very small ... in the tens.”
Donald Trump : Says the media distorted what happened with a baby at his rally.
Jerry Brown : "Virtually no Republican" in Washington accepts climate change science.
Mark Udall : Says Cory Gardner "championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado."
Rick Perry : Says Wendy Davis, "born into difficult circumstances," was the daughter of a single mother and a teenage mother herself.
Scott Henson : Says Texas has "11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster."
J.D. Alexander : Says the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years.
Dan Bishop : Says he "cast the deciding vote" to override a vetoed ‘born alive’ bill
Bloggers : "$1.8 billion Of Soros’ money just intercepted – he could officially go to prison for years"
Sarah Palin : "As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal government's Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not."
Rush Limbaugh : “The coronavirus is the common cold, folks.”
Rick Scott : PIP fraud is "$1 billion in fraud."
Brendan Doherty : "Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees."
Pat Quinn : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s budget "calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion."
Jeb Bush : For NATO exercises, "we don’t have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Brits are spotting us choppers."
Rachel O'Connor : The Pasco County budget "has doubled in the past three years."
Kevin Rader : Lizbeth Benacquisto's supporters "would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a woman's life."
Jonathan Boucher : "The Republican leadership in the House has refused to address the issues that matter the most to Rhode Island, such as passing a jobs bill."
Sarah Palin : "You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race."
John Taylor : "In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city."
Florida Democratic Party : Bill Gunter would "drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations."
Bruce Rauner : "The candidates controlled by Madigan, all of them have said, ‘The answer to our problems is a massive income tax hike.’ "
Viral image : As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
Facebook posts : “Joe Biden and Kamala Harris forced our troops to sleep on the floor of a garage, yet has authorized $89 million for hotel rooms for illegal immigrants.”
Hugh Hewitt : Obamacare "is in a death spiral."
Richard Durbin : “More than 200,000 DACA recipients are essential infrastructure workers” including “41,700 DACA recipients in the healthcare industry”
Steve Adler : Mike "Martinez has voted to raise taxes and utility rates while ending free bus service for seniors."
Tamara Holder : "The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.''
Sarah Huckabee Sanders : "President Trump in his first year and a half has already tripled what President Obama did (for African-American employment) in eight years."
George Allen : "The poverty rate amongst women is the worst it’s been in 17 years and the extreme poverty rate is the worst it’s ever been."
Facebook posts : “Hillary Clinton is on trial, she (supposed) to have killed” a 10-year-old girl.
Greg Abbott : "As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted."
Ken Cuccinelli : Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings "have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else."
James Lankford : "For the last 10 years, our economy has grown at less than 2 percent on average every single year for 10 years. We have not had a decade like that in a century in America."
Michael Morell : The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
Russ Feingold : Says Ron Johnson justifies his support of trade agreements by saying the U.S. has the Trade Adjustment Assistance program for displaced workers, but then he "voted to eliminate it."
Kevin McCarthy : The Republican tax bill "lets every American keep more of what they earned."
Mark Neumann : Says "Barack Obama and his team" are "socialists in every respect of the word."
Patricia Pike : "Over 30 states passed the legislation to ban powdered alcohol," and Missouri is not one of them
Sarah Palin : Obama "said (the individual mandate) wasn't a tax."
Barack Obama : "Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicare’s) health care costs."
Judith Zaffirini : Says 11 percent of the nation’s fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
Facebook posts : Says gloves shouldn’t be worn in public because “if you are wearing the same set of gloves all over town you are only spreading germs everywhere you go.”
Tammy Baldwin : The federal government is prohibited "from negotiating lower prescription drug prices for our senior citizens."
Tom Cotton : “New York's 1,200+ homeless veterans are ineligible for these $15,600 payments.”
Mike Ryan : People committed involuntarily for 72 hours under the Baker Act will get their guns back "automatically and immediately upon discharge....and their commitment is never entered into a background check database."
Workers' Voice : Says Mitt Romney’s investments created zero jobs.
Hillary Clinton : Says Scott Walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was "to raise taxes on students."
Facebook posts : Says Rachel Levine was Time magazine's "Woman of the Year."
Peter Palumbo : "There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for."
Tucker Carlson : “It now appears there actually was meaningful voter fraud in Fulton County, Georgia, last November. That is not a conspiracy theory. It's true.”
NARAL Pro-Choice America : "If Cory Gardner gets his way, you'd better stock up on condoms."
David Jolly : A federal judge said President Barack Obama’s executive action on immigration is "unconstitutional."
Hillary Clinton : "Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined."
Facebook posts : “Heidi Cruz, Ted’s wife, is managing director of Goldman Sachs. They oversee the Texas utilities.”
Tony Thurmond : Says Marshall Tuck "is backed by Donald Trump’s education advisor" pictured as Betsy DeVos.
Facebook posts : Georgia’s new voting law “makes it a JAIL-TIME CRIME to drop off grandma’s absentee ballot in a dropbox.”
Viral image : Photos show a photojournalist crying while capturing pictures of the Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
Cory Booker : Newark is "now home to one-third of all commercial and multi-family development."
Shirley Turner : "The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees."
Brian Higgins : "The elimination of income and sales taxes in New York is equal to 9 percent of taxable income, meaning that if you make $100,000 a year you lose $9,000"
Donald Trump : Says N.Y. Gov. Andrew Cuomo “rejected buying recommended 16,000 ventilators in 2015 for the pandemic, for a pandemic, established death panels and lotteries instead. So, he had a chance to buy, in 2015, 16,000 ventilators at a very low price, and he turned it down.”
John Boehner : "The American people don't want us to raise taxes."
Chuck Todd : Says "Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasn't popular."
Sherrod Brown : Under federal law, Jared Loughner "would not have been able to buy a gun" had he been identified as mentally ill.
Marco Rubio : The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
Joe Biden : Says President Donald Trump hasn’t condemned David Duke and Richard Spencer.
Joe Manchin : The United States imports "50 percent of at least 50 mineral commodities each year, including 100 percent of 21 of them."
Barack Obama : Henry Kissinger "said that we should meet with Iran — guess what — without precondition."
Barack Obama : "So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010."
Winning Our Future : Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
Barack Obama : "And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative."
Gus Bilirakis : "A study by the National Economics Research Association showed that the (Paris climate) deal could cost 2.7 million lost jobs in the U.S. by 2025 should our country adhere to the commitments made by the Obama Administration."
Terry McAuliffe : "It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows."
Texas Federation of Republican Women : Says that 9 million to 50 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States.
Chet Edwards : Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
Facebook posts : “A portion of everything you pay A.A.R.P goes directly to the Democratic Party.”
JB Pritzker : “Republican elected officials, a network of propaganda publications in the state and some radio shock jocks” were spreading “a lie” about his daughter breaking COVID-19 restrictions.
Hillary Clinton : The Benghazi probe is "the longest-running congressional investigation ever."
Republican Party of Florida : "Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it."
Wisconsin Jobs Now : Says Demond Means, "turnaround district" superintendent for Milwaukee Public Schools, said the district "needs to be gutted."
Rob Portman : On Lee Fisher’s watch, "almost nine out of 10" jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, "not to other countries."
Paul Ryan : Under the House Republican tax plan, in Wisconsin, "the median household of four gets about a $2,000 tax cut, on average."
David Axelrod : Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush "when he asked to extend unemployment insurance."
Facebook posts : “It’s not that there’s a virus shield between Canada (4,500 deaths) and the U.S. (80,000 deaths). What exists is a difference in leadership.”
Sheldon Whitehouse : "61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is 'solid evidence the earth is warming,' ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is 'no solid evidence' the earth is warming."
Tweets : Says drinking a bleach solution will prevent you from getting the coronavirus.
Tom Cole : Food stamp spending "doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama."
Jeff Merkley : Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States.
Viral image : Says Hitler said, "This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration! Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future!"
worldnewsdailyreport.com : "Morgue employee cremated by mistake while taking a nap."
Mitt Romney : Says President Barack Obama is responsible for pending defense cuts.
George Will : Says President Ronald Reagan "had a month of job creation of 1 million."
Facebook posts : A Canadian mayor said Muslims must integrate after they “demanded removal of pork in all school canteens in Montreal.”
NARAL Pro-Choice America : "Toomey and Trump will ban abortion and punish women who have them."
Paul Ryan : The Affordable Care Act is "making families pay double-digit premium increases."
Rick Perry : France "wouldn’t buy Texas beef for some reason, yet 76 percent of their energy comes from nuclear power."
Chris Taylor : "We saw the prison population expand and vacancy rates for correctional officers go from 2.9% to 15.2%" over the last eight years.
Facebook posts : “Africans living in China now being forced to sleep outside in the cold” as “Chinese nationals blame them for the rising number of new coronavirus cases in the country.”
Adam Putnam : "The No. 1 job vacancy in Florida every month for seven years has been nursing."
Brett Hulsey : The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved "only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats" in 2011.
Robyn Vining : My 2018 election was the first time Speaker Robin Vos has lost a Republican-held seat
Rick Perry : "Since the first of the year, 153 businesses at last count had moved out of California to Texas."
Facebook posts : “Bill Gates fights to keep vaccine ingredients secret.”
Cory Gardner : Says on contraception, his plan is "cheaper and easier for you" than Sen. Mark Udall’s
Viral image : A graph shows the number of human trafficking arrests increased dramatically under President Donald Trump.
David Plouffe : "Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act."
David Brooks : Elena Kagan "has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues."
Patricia Farley : "A woman working full-time is paid 79 to 80 cents for every dollar a man is paid, and it's even less for women of color, and on average $11,000 per year is lost simply because she isn't a man."
Viral image : Says a photo shows a pack of wolves walking in a single line in the snow being led by the sick.
Leo Berman : Says judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich.
Viral image : Photo shows “Dr. Fauci, Melinda Gates and Barack Obama at the Wuhan Lab in 2015.”
Mitt Romney : "I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance."
Lori Lightfoot : Says there were "rumors floating around" that Chicago police union officials were "telling their officers, ‘don’t do anything. Over Memorial Day weekend, don’t intercede. If you see some criminal activity, just lay back, do nothing.’"
Howard Fineman : Says Rep. Steve Stockman "basically wants gun-filled zones in schools."
Bloggers : "Nancy Pelosi vows Democrats will raise taxes if they take back the House."
Michael Bloomberg : "If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done."
House Republican Conference : Health care reform "establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats (the 'Health Benefits Advisory Committee') to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase."
Committee for Our Children's Future : Says Chris Christie "inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region."
Bill Clinton : Denies that he said the Obama campaign "played the race card."
Bloggers : Quotes Sen. Elizabeth Warren as saying "If women need to be raped by Muslims to prove our tolerance, so be it. Then thank goodness for Planned Parenthood."
Facebook posts : The Nashville bombing was an attempt to stop an AT&T audit into Dominion software and cover up election corruption.
American Crossroads : "As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first" by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship.
Erick Erickson : Say Apple’s Tim Cook "will not do business with Indiana."
Andrew Cuomo : "I’ve given the religious schools in my budget more money than ever before in history."
Viral image : The Odessa shooter "had a Beto sticker on his truck."
Kanye West : In Wisconsin, Foxconn has "4,000 jobs, people making $53,000 a year."
George Will : "What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime."
Democratic Underground : “The second-largest investor in Regeneron” is a firm whose CEO is Ron DeSantis’ “number one political donor.”
David A. Clarke Jr. : Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 "I pay in property taxes per year."
John Kasich : "We didn’t have a development director for over seven months."
Carl Heastie : Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, "that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000."
Michael Bloomberg : "Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined."
James Quintero : Says that when San Francisco banned plastic grocery bags, "you saw the number of instances of people going to the ER with things like salmonella and other related illnesses" spike.
National Organization for Marriage : "Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs."
Thom Tillis : Says Democratic opponents Cal Cunningham and Erica Smith support sanctuary policies.
Ted Strickland : "It was (Rob Portman’s) job to stop China’s illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing."
Donald Trump : "Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now."
Jeb Bush : "There are over 100 pipelines between the United States and Canada right now."
Paul Doughty : "Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country."
Sam Olens : There are cities and counties in Georgia that don’t have websites, and where elected officials don’t have email addresses.
Facebook posts : Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren "has been on Risperdal since first being prescribed the drug in 2011."
Barack Obama : Says Loretta Lynch’s nomination "has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined."
Ron Wyden : In the House health care bill, "Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."
Bill Clinton : "The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East."
Ron Paul : Says Rick Santorum "funded Planned Parenthood."
Jim Renacci : "Raising taxes on investment income has actually lowered the revenue received from the tax, while cutting capital gains tax rates has increased revenue."
Bloggers : School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new "nationwide Muslim outreach program" announced by President Barack Obama.
Rand Paul : "We borrow a million dollars every minute."
Barack Obama : The stimulus "has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"
Facebook posts : Says George Floyd died "because he had a system full of fentanyl and meth," and “beat women and held guns to their pregnant bellies.”
Reps. Keith Rothfus, Mike Kelly and Bill Shuster : "Obamacare covers 24 million fewer people than it was expected to, and the projected price tag has more than doubled at $2 trillion."
Breitbart : An undocumented immigrant "was arrested on suspicion of arson in (the) Wine Country fires that have killed at least 40 residents."
Shirley Franklin : "95 percent of teachers and principals are not implicated in the [Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal] report at all."
Jeb Bush : "My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives."
Ro Khanna : "Amazon Echo is recording every conversation in a person's home and transmitting it to the cloud."
Rachel Maddow : "Fox changed around their poll eligibility criteria on the day they announced who is in and out of their debate."
Scott Walker : Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a "big goal."
Sean Hannity : Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
Breitbart : The "establishment media ignored" President Donald Trump’s Fourth of July event.
Ken Tanner : Says "The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one."
Marcy Kaptur : "The poorest in this country are women."
Let Freedom Ring : Says GM used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in China.
Evelyn Sanguinetti : Says a progressive income tax proposal from Democratic governor candidate J.B. Pritzker "is wholly regressive."
Viral image : “Registered Republican not allowed to vote.”
John Ludlow : Says he "is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System."
Now or Never PAC : Says Ralph Hall is "the oldest member in Congress ever."
Facebook posts : Says CNN President Jeff Zucker ordered employees to downplay Bill Clinton’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein and make it look like Epstein was "Trump’s partner in all of this."
Crossroads GPS : "When Tim Kaine was governor, spending soared, blowing holes in the budget every year."
Rick Perry : "We've got a 1,000 National Guard troop request that's been in front of this president for over a year and no response."
Bloggers : Donald Trump’s letter to Joe Biden said, “You know I won.”
Ted Nugent : Rick Perry "has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections."
Lee Leffingwell : Says 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers.
Nova magazine : "Prince Harry says Donald Trump is not welcome at his wedding: ‘Trump is a serious threat to human rights.’ "
Greg Abbott : Says that shutdowns are “ineffective” and that we now know that COVID-19 is not commonly spread “by someone going to work.”
Viral image : Since Israel started training teachers with guns, "there have only been two school shootings in 44 years and both shooters were killed by teachers."
Bloggers : "FBI RAIDS OBAMA – Find Massive Secret That Was Hidden For YEARS."
Tom Nelson : Says Mike Gallagher’s plan "would cut Social Security benefits for two-thirds of seniors."
Bill Pascrell : Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
YourNewsWire.com : "Bill Gates’ Former Doctor Says Billionaire ‘Refused To Vaccinate His Children’"
Will Weatherford : "Almost 1,000 people a day" are moving to Florida "because they are more free here than they are in some other states."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Patrick Mahomes wearing a shirt that says, “The Great State of Kansas.”
Darin LaHood : “The post office right now, this year, is operating with about a $12 billion surplus.”
Karl King : There were "$2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012."
Jeb Bush : "Two months ago, Donald Trump said that ISIS was not our fight."
Samir Chachoua : Says he cured Charlie Sheen and the island of Comoros of HIV with "milk from goats, which had arthritis."
Rudy Giuliani : "He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights."
Facebook posts : Says Congress set aside $50 billion for the Secure Fence Act in 2006
Mike Pence : Says President Donald Trump’s proposal to allow Americans to buy health insurance across state lines would make it the same as "the way you buy car insurance" today.
California Republican Party : President Trump was "kicked off" the California ballot
Patrick Rose : Says Republican opponent Jason Isaac is peddling a plan meaning Texans "would pay the highest sales taxes in America, up to 14.5 percent."
David Caton : If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
FreedomJunkshun.com : Says "FBI and Texas State Police are both confirming that Raymond Peter Littleberry, the man accused of shooting up a Texas church, was an avid atheist on the payroll of the Democrat National Committee."
Charles Payne : "When President Obama was elected, the market crashed … Trump was up 9%, President Obama was down 14.8% and President Bush was down almost 4%. There is an instant reaction on Wall Street."
Joe Manchin : Says Patrick Morrisey undertook "efforts to put educators in jail."
Greg Abbott : "If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD."
Chain email : "Nancy Pelosi wants a Windfall Tax on Retirement Income."
Viral image : “Jamaica becomes the first country to make K-pop illegal.”
Viral image : Says Joe Biden "murdered U.S. Navy Seals."
United for a Fair Economy : From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
Rob Portman : The national debt of $16 trillion, is "enough to buy both the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds 1,918 times."
Stacey Evans : Georgia "has the lowest minimum wage in the country."
Bill Clinton : "A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down."
Farouk Shami : "My opponent... lost 43,000 jobs in Houston since he took over; we are losing jobs."
Donald Trump : "Many of (Hillary Clinton's) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction."
Edward Markey : "Trump looking to open up E Coast & new areas for offshore oil drilling when Congress has passed no new safety standards since BP"
Diego Arene-Morley : "There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850."
Johnny Isakson : Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 "will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America."
Paul Krugman : Says taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
Ivanka Trump : "Since the passage of Tax Cuts, real disposable personal income per household has increased $5,205."
Gwen Moore : Domestic violence "is seen as a pre-existing" health condition and "women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings," but under Obamacare, "all of that is over."
Jeff Fitzgerald : "Minnesota has passed and Indiana has passed" right to work laws making union membership and dues optional
Barack Obama : The U.S. Justice Department has "taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009."
George Will : Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt "to be more conservative."
Viral image : CNN reported, “Due to COVID-19, President Donald Trump passes away at 74.”
Hank Johnson : A socially conservative group sponsored a "prayer vigil" to stop people from buying Girl Scout cookies because it thinks the Girl Scouts are affiliated with Planned Parenthood.
Jamie Oliver : McDonald's in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.
Randolph Bracy : "African-Americans are grossly overrepresented on Florida’s death row."
Joe Biden : "I never called for a partition" of Iraq.
Carole Smith : Rebuilding three high schools will benefit 40 percent of Portland Public School students.
Viral image : "More than 66% of ALL births in California are to illegals on Medi-Cal."
Bloggers : Says the New York Times reported that Hillary Clinton and George Soros "paid (a) woman to accuse Trump of sexual attack."
Gary George : "I created the school choice program."
Eugene McKenna : "Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country."
Matt Gaetz : Says his bill, HB 97, would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions.
Herman Cain : "Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve."
John McCain : A new presidential helicopter "is now going to cost as much as Air Force One."
Mary Nolan : Says "Amanda Fritz publicly claimed to be endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice Oregon, both on her website and in the voter’s guide."
Facebook posts : Quotes Dr. Denis Mukwege as saying he resigned from the Congolese coronavirus response team because he was ordered to fabricate COVID-19 case and death numbers.
Facebook posts : Says FEMA is giving essential workers $1,000.
Dianne Feinstein : "One out of every five law enforcement officers that's killed is killed with an assault weapon."
Facebook posts : The Supreme Court “has decided to take up the Texas case.”
Viral image : "Border guards found 52 tons of guns and ammunition in 14 Conex containers disguised as furniture. This ‘furniture’ is from Muslim immigrants who have come to America"
Donald Trump : "Democrats oppose any effort to secure our border."
Dan Bishop : “Half the workforce in the country may have just been idled” by coronavirus.
Paula Dockery : "Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children."
Alex Sink : "No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle."
Jon Ossoff : The House Republican health care bill "guts protections against massive price hikes for Georgians with pre-existing conditions."
Diamond and Silk : Says science shows the physiological effects of wearing masks include hypoxemia, hypercapnia, shortness of breath, toxicity and increased muscle tension.
Dianne Feinstein : California’s marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 "allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers."
Jerry Brown : "2.1 million jobs have been created in the last six or seven years" in California
Viral image : Says a Wisconsin welcome sign includes a message warning "criminals and terrorists" that over "170,000 Wisconsin residents have a legal permit to carry a handgun."
James Durkan : Adding ethanol to gas "raises food costs."
Bloggers : “Pete Buttigieg claims Bible says babies can be aborted ‘up to their first breath.’”
Scott Walker : The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has "been wrong in almost every election."
Viral image : Says Joe Biden was the only world leader to wear a face mask during a video conference.
Linda Coleman : "Seniors can be charged five times what anybody else is charged for health care for pre-existing conditions" under the Republican health care bill.
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden has said 150 million Americans died from guns and another 120 million from COVID-19
Donald Trump : HR 1 “automatically registers every welfare recipient to vote.”
Jim Moran : "And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginia’s coast? $40 million over 10 years."
David Axelrod : "8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care."
Donald Trump : "The Kurds are much safer right now."
Duane Hall : North Carolina could save "literally tens of millions of dollars" if it stopped prosecuting 16-year-olds as adults.
Emanuel Cleaver : Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, "received 31,000 citations. That's at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; there's virtually no industry there."
Republican National Committee : Obama couldn't have afforded his home without Rezko's help.
Michelle Obama : "In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence."
Mark Neumann : Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the "connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail."
Elizabeth Roberts : "Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year."
Barack Obama : McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets.
Donald Trump : "The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working."
Alan Grayson : "There's only three countries in the entire world where there's no paid vacation by law, we happen to be one of them."
Rod Smith : "Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth."
Florida voter : Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
Nancy Pelosi : "The Capitol was built by slaves."
Greg Walden : "The incoming Republican freshman class – well, it’s no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before."
Viral image : Video shows Palestinians faking a funeral procession for a child.
Rob Portman : Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would  "take us into a recession and kill jobs."
David Cicilline : "There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined."
Tucker Carlson : Says the Potomac River "has gotten dirtier and dirtier and dirtier and dirtier. I go down there and that litter is left almost exclusively by immigrants."
Enterprise Florida : "Seven hundred thousand. That’s how many California jobs will be lost thanks to the politicians raising the minimum wage….Now Florida is adding one million jobs, not losing them."
Michael Bloomberg : “I certainly supported Barack Obama and Joe Biden. ... I was there both times for them.”
Bloggers : "Jeff Sessions Caught Colluding with Obama"
Travis Allen : "Homelessness has skyrocketed across California. We have the nation’s highest homelessness rate and the nation’s highest homeless population."
City of Austin : "Onion Creek’s highest flow rate" on a recent night of flooding "was 120,000 cubic feet per second, which is nearly double the average flow rate of Niagara Falls."
Bill Johnson : Says the oil industry subsidies that President Barack Obama is attacking don’t exist
Rula Jebreal : Between June 30 and July 10, CNN interviewed "17 Israeli public officials versus one" Palestinian official.
Duane Hall : Claims to be endorsed by the Democratic Party.
Viral image : Says Joe Biden calls Donald Trump’s supporters the dregs of society.
Elizabeth Warren : "We were living outside of Houston and that’s when I found it: a commuter college, 45 minutes away that cost $50 a semester."
Eco News : "NFL lawyer, who claimed Super Bowl is ‘rigged’, found dead."
Facebook posts : "When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work."
John Axford : All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
Ralph Northam : The Virginia Employment Commission is sixth in the nation for getting benefits to eligible people quickly…”
Michael Steele : In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
Roberta Lange : Says Donald Trump "literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable."
Anthony Gemma : "Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds"
American Crossroads : Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., "voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians."
Rob Portman : "More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more."
Mitt Romney : Barack Obama’s recess appointment of Richard Cordray "is precisely what then-Sen. Obama claimed would be ‘the wrong thing to do.’"
Facebook posts : Says House Democrats passed impeachment rules that "do not allow any witness to be called unless the witness is approved by Adam Schiff," "do not allow involvement of the President’s legal counsel" and "do not allow any witness to be questioned unless the question is approved by Adam Schiff."
Mike Rogers : The IRS scandal "clearly showed some criminal behavior."
Laurie Monnes Anderson : Says she is a registered nurse.
Nancy Pelosi : Of the Trump administration’s European travel restrictions that exempt the U.K.: “Well, you can just get into the Chunnel, and you’ll be in the U.K.”
Barack Obama : "His new running mate, Congressman Ryan, put forward a plan that would let Governor Romney pay less than 1 percent in taxes each year."
Viral image : Says getting up too quickly in the middle of the night can cause "sudden death."
Viral image : Photo shows “MAYHEM in Oregon!”
Nikki Haley : "More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in."
Chris Christie : "They say teachers only make on average in New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year. They only work 180 days."
Reince Priebus : The Republican National Convention "is a Super Bowl times four."
National Republican Congressional Committee : U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., "and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out"
Tim Canova : Says he "helped to draft parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill."
Lone Star Project : Says state's expected "increase in federal political clout is almost entirely due to the growth of the African American and Hispanic populations in Texas in virtually every region of the state.”
Viral image : A Florida millionaire was arrested after admitting to burying more than 700 bodies on his property.
Bloggers : "NASA announced that it communicated with four races of aliens."
Justin Amash : "Justin Amash is rated Michigan’s No. 1 conservative" by National Right to Life.
Marco Rubio : "If we ban the practice of earmarks, we could save the American taxpayer anywhere between $15 (billion) to $20 billion dollars a year in pork-barrel spending."
Michael Savage : "She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama."
Ron Paul : Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than they’ve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what they’ve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
David Hallock : In rural Virginia, "Sen. Warner ran 8-10 points ahead of a traditional Democrat -- ahead of Senator Kaine, ahead of Governor McAuliffe."
John G. Edwards : "They're saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state."
Harry Reid : Congress used earmarks "for more than 200 years."
Juan "Chuy" Hinojosa : "We have less crime in the (Rio Grande) Valley than we do in other major Texas cities."
Facebook posts : Say Joe Biden is a pedophile.
Wayne Rogers : "There are over 200 documented cases where (Obama) has lied."
Beto O'Rourke : "I don’t take a dime of PAC money."
Thom Tillis : Says Sen. Kay Hagan "has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committee's hearings in 2014."
Gene Wu : Says in Texas the “average age of the Republican voter is like 20 years older than the average Democrat.”
Hillary Clinton : "When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating."
Jim Zehringer : "Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax."
David Price : "Under the Republican health care repeal proposal North Carolina faces the 2nd highest premium increase in the nation. North Carolina residents will face an average cost increase of over $7,500."
Bloggers : "Mitt Romney: ‘Trump has some very serious emotional problems, he must resign before we…’"
Bernie Sanders : "Every other major country" has family paid leave.
Viral image : The Mueller report was leaked.
Facebook posts : Trump re-signed 1952 law “making Muslamic law illegal”
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Sen. Bill Nelson "has aligned himself with communists and dictators," "went to Venezuela to admire Chávez’s revolution" and "supports murderers."
AsAmericanAsApplePie.org : "San Juan city council votes unanimously to impeach Trump-hating mayor."
Mitt Romney : "Fifty percent of kids coming out of school can't get a job."
Gavin Newsom : Gavin Newsom was "the first to take on the National Rifle Association and win."
David Simpson : "I have always opposed driver's licenses for illegal aliens."
Elizabeth Warren : "The law says that mental health must be treated the same as physical health," but coverage by health insurers is unequal.
Nathan Deal : The planned expansion of Savannah’s port is a "jobs creating project."
Tony Evers : "The Legislature spent the last decade passing laws deliberately making it even harder for people to access these critical supports when they need it most, exacerbating the problems with our already-outdated system.”
Adam Hasner : In a lawsuit between private citizens, a Florida judge "announced the decision was going to be based on Islamic Law."
Scott Walker : Says he first unveiled his new legislative agenda in Wisconsin, not in California as critics complain
Rana Foroohar : "There's no real evidence in the last 20 years that" growth from tax cuts has made up lost revenue.
Facebook posts : "CNN uses the same girl in 3 different Refugee Crisis pictures being saved by 3 different men."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Cap and trade legislation "was originally a Republican idea."
Harry Reid : Says "Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to gamble with your retirement benefits in the stock market."
Chain email : "Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities."
Donald Trump : "Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Don't believe the 5.6. Don't believe it."
Sarah Palin : The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
Facebook posts : “Unemployment now pays $24/hour, even if your wages were lower. Why don’t ‘essential’ people forced to still work get $24, too?”
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : "As Virginia’s governor, Allen cut spending and waste with bipartisan support."
Brit Hume : Says President Barack Obama is "sending a much larger (force) " to deal with Ebola "than ISIS is getting."
Marco Rubio : The authors of a report on CIA’s torture techniques "never interviewed a single CIA official."
Marco Rubio : Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
Kendrick Meek : Kendrick Meek claims he's the only candidate who said Sonia Sotomayor "will make an excellent Supreme Court justice."
Donald Trump : "NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN. Boring games yes, but many stay away because they love our country."
Donna Howard : Says legislative cuts mean Texas is "spending on average $500 less per student."
Facebook posts : Says the Democratic Party "took Social Security from the independent ‘Trust Fund’ and put it into the general fund so that Congress could spend it" and "eliminated the income tax deduction for Social Security (FICA) withholding."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Says that "on average, Democratic congressional districts received 81 percent more stimulus funds than Republican districts."
Beth Parlato : Said New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said that “with all the technology we have, we don't need actual classrooms.”
Joshua Feuerstein : Says that Starbucks took "Christmas off of their brand new cups."
Barack Obama : The United States is "the only advanced country on Earth" that doesn’t guarantee "paid maternity leave to our workers."
Facebook posts : The FBI uncovered "256 texts between Adam Schiff and Jeffrey Epstein"
Jeremiah Samples : "We have had an increase of 67 percent (in) the number of children taken into state custody since 2014."
Mike Pence : "Anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the IRS knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues."
Viral image : Says Rachel Levine “is telling us that Dr. Seuss books and Mr. Potato Head are bad for the children.”
Dan McCready : "Mark Harris has said he would abolish the Department of Education."
Lori Haas : In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns "49 percent fewer women are shot and killed."
John McCain : "He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy."
Viral image : Photo shows Raz Simone, “the alleged leader of CHAZ crying after Seattle police arrested him.”
Sarah Silverman : "Every year the average woman loses around $11,000 to the wage gap," which amounts to "a $500,000 vagina tax" over her working career.
Bloggers : Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
Donald Trump : "My opponent has no child care plan."
Grover Norquist : "CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years."
Tweets : The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
Priorities USA Action : Says Donald Trump wants to deport "our Dreamers."
Bernie Sanders : 500,000 U.S. troops came home from Iraq and Afghanistan "with PTSD and traumatic brain injury."
Travis Allen : "Californians are overwhelmingly against this concept of the illegal sanctuary state."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden “will redirect the $30 billion” that Donald Trump “left for U.S. farmers to ‘climate change.’”
Portland Community College : Portland Community College serves more students than all of the state’s universities combined.
Nancy Pelosi : Illinois “got into fiscal problems because of a Republican governor who was governor there” before Gov. J.B. Pritzker.
Hillary Clinton : Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, "which you understand means that you can’t do any research about it."
Hillary Clinton : "Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies."
Empower Texans : "There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools."
Newt Gingrich : In Chile "they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings."
Donald Trump : "Since we passed tax cuts, over 3 million workers have gotten tax cut bonuses — many of them thousands and thousands of dollars."
Elizabeth Warren : "If Trump tries to lie in a TV ad, most networks will refuse to air it. But Facebook just cashes Trump’s checks."
Greg Abbott : Texas “could be very close to herd immunity.”
Pat Buchanan : "Right now, one third of all illegal aliens are going to California."
Donald Trump : “[U.S. Rep. Conor Lamb] said he would NOT vote for [Nancy Pelosi] for Speaker, and did.”
Wisconsin Transportation Builders Association : "Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent" in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
Donald Trump : "The poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanic Americans -- it’s been incredible, they’ve all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country."
Andrew Clyde : “Watching the TV footage of those who entered the Capitol. … If you didn't know the TV footage was from Jan. 6, you would actually think it was a normal tourist visit.”
Ron DeSantis : Says Adam Putnam "opposed bringing troops, putting troops on our southern border using the National Guard."
Barack Obama : "Warren (Buffett) still does support me."
Facebook posts : The Georgia House passed a bill that “makes it a misdemeanor to give food or water to voters waiting in line.”
Michael Bloomberg : North Carolina's Democratic primary is open to "all registered voters, regardless of registration."
Rick Santorum : "A third of all the young people in America are not in America today because of abortion, because one in three pregnancies end in abortion."
Facebook posts : Says Mitch McConnell's "biggest donor" is a "Russian oligarch that the GOP just lifted sanctions on."
Rick Kriseman : "The number of complaints against police officers has decreased from an average when Mr. (Rick) Baker was mayor from 78 to 14."
Bruce Rauner : Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers’ comp system. That’s the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
Greg Walden : Says "we allow more people into America legally than all other countries on the planet combined."
Joe Biden : The law governing the transition of presidential power “doesn’t require there to be an absolute winner. It says the ‘apparent' winner.”
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows President Ronald Reagan meeting with Taliban leaders in the White House.
Chain email : The health care law includes "a 3.8% sales tax" on "all real estate transactions."
Rudy Giuliani : "We had no domestic attacks under Bush."
Donald Trump : "Crime in Germany is way up."
Bill Clinton : "The 1990s were a time of prosperity. We created more than 22-million new jobs, moved 8-million people out of poverty, and turned our economy around."
Lars Larson : "Every time the weight of that vehicle is reduced by a hundred pounds, your chances of dying are going to go up by about 5 percent. Peel three hundred pounds off – you’re 15 percent more likely to die in that car."
Chris Abele : "We’re second only to Boston in college students per capita."
Newt Gingrich : President Barack Obama "has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing."
Virginia Lottery : "Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade."
Facebook posts : "Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare."
Marsha Blackburn : Says President Obama and his allies in Congress gave "power" to control Medicare patients’ health care decisions to "a commission of 15 unelected bureaucrats in Washington."
Planned Parenthood : Says Mitt Romney and George Allen "would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a woman's life is at risk."
George Takei : "The White House removed its climate change web page. And the healthcare, civil rights and LGBT sections."
Jackie Speier : "Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check."
John Kasich : "One-third of our college grads leave Ohio within three years."
Charlie Justice : "Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car."
Bloggers : Photo shows a shark swimming on a freeway in Houston.
Donald Trump : "Well, I got 52% (of women voters). And I will tell you — in my opinion I might have won women. ... Hey, Hillary Clinton focused on women, and I did phenomenally well."
Brian Kilmeade : The President’s Daily Brief “is like a mini novel.”
Forbes blog : "The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year."
Liberal Blogger : Says a Republican U.S. House member from Texas, Rob McCaskill, tweeted that he "can’t wait for the next 9/11."
Michael Moore : All the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by Election Day.
Nicole Galloway : Says her office "uncover(ed) $350 million in waste and fraud; it led to 40 criminal charges against both Republicans and Democrats."
Mitch McConnell : Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
Viral image : Says Hillary Clinton "threatened to bomb Iran — totally obliterate them — if she was president."
Mark Neumann : "Obamacare" is the "biggest tax increase in American history."
Mike Huckabee : "The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : "(U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are … shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them."
David Frum : "Eighty percent of the net new jobs created in the state of Texas since 2009 went to the foreign-born."
Scott Walker : Says he "paid one dollar for" a sweater at Kohl’s.
Scott Walker : "Americans will spend more on taxes in 2015 than on food, clothing and housing combined."
Bloggers : Says Lee Majors died and left $6 million to Donald Trump.
Bloggers : Says Donald Trump warned outgoing Ghana President against last-minute job appointments.
Republican National Committee : Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have "new solutions" to the energy crisis.
Instagram posts : Says Russia unleashed more than 500 lions on its streets to ensure that people are staying indoors during this pandemic outbreak.
Instagram posts : Nazi Germany’s Hermann Göring worked to "defund and eliminate the police departments so that they would not interfere with his Brown Shirts."
Mitch McConnell : Says Obama "called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate."
Kayleigh McEnany : "Underreported fact: President @realDonaldTrump raised more in small dollar donations than Obama in 2012 and than Clinton and Bernie combined!"
Michele Bachmann : Then-Sen. Barack Obama "refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership."
Mackubin Thomas Owens : "In the early 1980s, Sen. Edward Kennedy secretly offered to help Soviet leaders counter the Reagan administration’s position on nuclear disarmament."
Greg Gutfeld : “QAnon violence! There is none.”
Facebook posts : Says all Vegas hotels but Trump’s have donated food, rooms in COVID response.
Kevin Rader : Lizbeth Benacquisto "broke election law 105 times, hiding special interest contributors."
Michele Bachmann : Small businesses that have "$250,000 in gross sales for the business. They're the ones that are looking at massive tax increases."
Morgan Griffith : "The Government Accountability Office estimated (Obamacare) will add to the long-term deficit by $6.2 trillion."
Facebook posts : Facebook video purports to show man flying a hoverboard at over 103 miles per hour.
Viral image : “Black Lives Matter says it stands with Hamas terrorists in Israeli conflict.”
Chain email : Maj. Nidal Hasan, the man accused of the Fort Hood shootings, "was an ADVISOR to the Obama Administration."
National Rifle Association : Says Hillary Clinton "doesn’t believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense."
Facebook posts : “Video shows U.S. Capitol Police gave protesters OK to enter.”
Newt Gingrich : Obama's secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, "has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon."
Donald Trump : Says "Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs."
Facebook posts : Says the new coronavirus vaccines contain toxic ingredients and are more dangerous than getting COVID-19.
House Natural Resources Committee Republicans : "Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling – all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling."
Hillary Davis : "The profit [from automated traffic enforcement cameras] is going to the private corporations, not to the city or state."
Erin Marie Olszewski : “Don’t believe the hype that Florida” COVID-19 “numbers are up. It’s a blatant lie.”
Roy Moore : DACA was "a mere memo from the Department of Homeland security under Barack Obama, which violated the laws."
Jim Kenney : "Big soda has a lot of money. They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that we’re trying to cure."
MoveOn.org : "John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
Tom Barrett : To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used "a credit card" approach that "pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren" costing state taxpayers "more than $150 million in interest."
Bob McDonnell : "We’ve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs" in Virginia since February.
Lois Kolkhorst : Says that according to "many reports and even our own data," the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined.
Talmadge Heflin : Says the claims that Texas faces a $27 billion shortfall "are flat-out false."
Jim Justice : "As of September 2018, there are 6,683 WV children in foster care — 1,415 of whom are legally eligible for adoption."
Bob McDonnell : Virginia "is home to more veterans per capita than any state in America."
Ken Paxton : Dan Branch "once lobbied for the AFL-CIO."
Donald Trump : "Last year, we prosecuted a record number of firearms offenses."
Mitt Romney : Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
Donald Trump : "The new Rasmussen Poll, one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election, just out with a Trump 50% Approval Rating. That's higher than O's #'s!"
Bobby Jindal : Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."
Jim Jordan : The federal government has "77 different means-tested social welfare programs."
Al Sharpton : Under Obama, the national debt "has been reduced every year for the last five years."
Scott Wagner : "...the earth moves closer to the sun every year – you know the rotation of the earth. We’re moving closer to the sun."
Philip Levine : Says Florida "workers are paid $8.10 an hour, and our current governor (Rick Scott) runs ads bragging about it."
The Family Foundation : “...Virginia, more than any other state, had the steepest drop in the number of abortions between 2011 and 2017.”
Facebook posts : "SIX of the most prominent activists during the Ferguson riots have all been found burned to death in their cars. There are no coincidences here."
Steve Crisafulli : "Medicaid expansion isn’t necessarily a very popular issue on the street."
Eric Cantor : Says the United States is "the Saudi Arabia of coal."
Paul Ryan : Says the Obama administration "watered down sanctions" against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress "from putting the tough sanctions in place."
James Carville : Says "Jeb Bush has released 10 percent of his emails."
Bloggers : “Joe Suffers Brain Fart! Biden Visits Elementary School, Asks The Children If They’re High Schoolers (VIDEO).”
William Howell : "There’s talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security."
Terry McAuliffe : "Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a woman’s health."
Rudy Giuliani : Says there were “600,000 plus unlawful votes in Philly and Pitt.”
Eric Bolling : The United States has "the highest corporate tax rate in the free world."
John Oliver : "28 percent of Kentuckians don’t have any online access."
The Collective super PAC : Says Gwen Graham "voted against President Obama 52 percent of the time."
Bloggers : California Gov. Jerry Brown was "Caught in the Middle of a $60 Billion Corruption Investigation."
Rudy Giuliani : "Bill Clinton cut the military drastically."
Ronan Farrow : Congress' decision to "spend less around the world" on embassy security contributed to "tragedies" like Benghazi.
Bobby Scott : “Every Republican in Congress voted to defund the police when they voted against the American Rescue Plan.”
Randi Shade : "The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades."
Steve Rothman : "The Republicans just voted last year to end Medicare."
Donald Trump : Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin "projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion."
New Century Times : "Republicans Looking To Cut Social Security As Much As 50 percent Immediately."
David Simmons : "Adolf Hitler confiscated all the weapons — took all the weapons, had a registry of everybody — and then on the night of June 30, 1934, sent out his secret police and murdered all of his political opponents."
Steven Schale : Charlie Crist's "personal approval numbers are plummeting."
Peter Shumlin : "Nathan Deal cut the HOPE scholarship program so that literally 100,000 Georgians will not be able to go to college or get technical training that they so badly needed to raise -- you know, give them a chance at a good job."
Kamala Harris : "Let’s talk about the facts and where we are today. There are still nearly 2,600 children who are separated from their parents" due to the Trump administration’s zero-tolerance policy.
Lamar Alexander : Says "we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law."
Barack Obama : Obama "changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."
Bob Cortes : "All charter schools are not-for-profit."
Tony Evers : "Special education categorical aid" from the state "hasn’t been raised in over a decade."
Robin Vos : "In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instruction’s recent report cards" and are "failing" the children they serve.
Tom Price : "The U.S. won't default, because default means that you don't pay your creditors. And it takes about 10 percent of the money that's coming in right now" to pay interest to bondholders.
Bloggers : Says "CNN host Fareed Zakaria calls for jihad rape of white women."
Jon Kyl : A new Rasmussen poll shows people "oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."
Facebook posts : “If Biden wins the election, there are people out there planning on mass murdering poc and lbgtq+ people. Please stay inside during the election and a few days after.”
Larry Kilgore : Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australia’s.
Marco Rubio : "I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in."
Constitutional Rights PAC : Paul Ryan "is one of only six House Republicans who voted for Teddy Kennedy's bill to force Christian employers to hire LGBT employees."
Steve Munisteri : There "are 500 registered Republicans moving" to Texas "every day."
David Cicilline : "If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks."
Heather McGhee : "The Republican presidential nominee hasn’t won women since 1988."
John Boehner : "President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent."
BettyLou DeCroce : "While the country’s economy was battered, nine states with no income tax actually grew jobs from 2001 to 2010."
Instagram posts : You can’t donate plasma after getting a COVID-19 vaccine.
Karin Housley : "Tina (Smith) profited from the opioid crisis." ​
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president."
North Carolina Democratic Party : NC Republicans "raided $58 million that was supposed to help create jobs for North Carolinians."
Sean Casten : "Most climate scientists agree that we only have less than a decade to turn things around or else we’ll be stuck with a 'worst case scenario' including rising sea levels, devastating droughts, and worsening famines."
Chris Christie : "By the way, I'm not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did."
Mitt Romney : In the early 1960s, all levels of government were "consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy," a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, "we cease at some point to be a free economy."
Chain email : Due to actions by President Barack Obama, "the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases."
Alex Jones : Emails show Democrats, Hillary Clinton and George Soros instigated and orchestrated racial protests in Charlottesville by trying to "control" and keep people "desperate."
Jason Carter : "There’s $30 billion in expansion funds that we’ve paid – it’s our money and Nathan Deal wants Washington to keep it."
John Boehner : "Over half of the people who would be taxed under (a millionaire surtax) are, in fact, small businesspeople."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : "Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes."
Richard Corcoran : "Incredibly, some Tallahassee politicians want to make Florida a sanctuary state."
Barack Obama : The Trans-Pacific Partnership "knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods."
Americans for Prosperity : Says Kay Hagan "supports waivers for friends of Obama and special treatment for Congress and their staffs."
David Prosser : Says Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg’s record as a state Justice Department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks.
Doug Whitsett : "Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent."
Nicole Galloway : "Mike Parson opposes protections for pre-existing conditions.”
Chris Cox : Says Sen. Dianne Feinstein said "if she had 51 votes in the Senate for 'Mr. and Ms. America, turn in all of your guns,' they would do it."
Joe Biden : When Terry McAuliffe was governor, “Unemployment went down in every single county, including rural Virginia by nearly 50%.
Facebook posts : Church bells rang in Paris and fireworks were set off in London to celebrate Joe Biden’s presidential win.
John McCain : Obama "has no experience or background at all in national security affairs."
Carla Axtman : Says in the last five years "Senate Republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee."
Facebook posts : “If I mail in my ballot on Sunday and show up to the polling station on Tuesday, they won’t know if I’ve already voted or not. That, my friends, is a serious concern for all of us.”
Facebook posts : Says Dr. Anthony Fauci in an email "advises a family member to use (hydroxychloroquine) and antibiotic therapy, the same evening in which in a press conference he attacked (President Donald Trump) on the usefulness of (hydroxychloroquine) to fight the virus.”
Roy Blunt : "The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070."
Instagram posts : Says Joe Biden stayed silent about violence at Black Lives Matter protests.
James Bennett : Providence's port is "200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port."
Scott Walker : Says Foxconn didn't keep a promise to build a plant in Pennsylvania because "Pennsylvania changed governors."
Ted Cruz : Says President Barack Obama "is the first president we've ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore."
Sid Covington : A planning group said that to meet anticipated traffic demands by 2035, Interstate 35 between Austin and Round Rock will need a dozen additional lanes going north and 14 additional southbound lanes.
Viral image : An antifa flyer encourages activists “to disguise yourselves as patriots/Trump supporters” on Nov. 4.
Bill Richardson : The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
Luis Gutierrez : "Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country" entered the U.S. legally and "overstayed their visa."
Bill Hammond : Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
Donald Trump : "Every poll said I won the debate."
Facebook posts : “WHO now says your child’s presence in school counts as ‘informed consent’ for vaccination - parental presence not required.”
Facebook posts : Siri gave “CONFIRMATION of the Democrats' sinister plan to REMOVE Sleepy Joe immediately using the 25th Amendment and instate Kamala Harris as President!”
Corey Hebert : "We've had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and they've never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected."
Mary Burke : Says Gov. Scott Walker’s repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as "one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck."
Bloggers : "Russian mansions Obama seized were meant to be illegal gifts to Sasha and Malia"
Tony Evers : "1 out of every 4 car accidents in the U.S. is caused by texting and driving."
Barack Obama : "Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations."
Glenn Grothman : Wisconsin’s 6th congressional "district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other" in the nation.
Mike Fortner : "House Bill 6627 also requires the applicant to attest to their eligibility to vote, as is required by the National Voter Registration Act and used by all other states that have (automatic voter registration)."
Tweets : Says Joe Biden received a sudden influx of 138,339 votes in Michigan while Donald Trump received none.
S.E. Cupp : "The CDC issued a report commissioned by President Obama just earlier this year, and it found some very inconvenient facts. Armed citizens are less likely harmed by attackers. Effectiveness of gun control laws is mixed. Gun buybacks don't work."
Ben Carson : "There is currently no ability to vet these people," referring to Syrian refugees.
Texas Future : "One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years."
Donald Trump : "In the history of Republican primaries, I’ve gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party."
Nancy Pelosi : Says under the Democratic impeachment inquiry, Republicans get "more rights than we ever received in any of the other impeachment proceedings."
Americans for Prosperity : Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as "half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in Finland."
Viral image : “Bernie Logic: Nobody can live on $7 an hour. We must raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Also we must raise the tax rate to 52%. $15 an hour * 52% = $7.80. $15 an hour - $7.80 = $7.20. $7.20 an hour!!!”
Arnold Schwarzenegger : "In Bakersfield, where there’s a lot of oil drilling going on, there’s more solar jobs now in Bakersfield and around that area than there are oil jobs."
Facebook posts : "People with pre-existing mental health conditions have access to firearms and not health care."
Facebook posts : “McDonald’s removes their American flags in support of Antifa & BLM nationwide.”
E. Gordon Gee : "Our state has fewer science, technology, engineering and math graduates than any neighboring state."
Facebook posts : Post says a recent bill passed, and “We get another stimulus check for $2500 at July 30, 2021”
Donald Trump : When Congress sought documents from President Barack Obama, the White House "didn’t do anything. They didn’t give one letter of the request. Many requests were made. They didn’t give a letter."
Marco Rubio : "Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle."
Californians for Lower Drug Prices : "Twenty-seven out-of-state pharmaceutical companies have raised more campaign dollars (against a drug price control measure) than all other state ballot measures have raised to date, combined."
Paul Sadler : Ted Cruz is "unknown to the vast majority of Texans."
Joe Berrios : "(Fritz) Kaegi managed a fund that invested nearly $30 million in private prisons."
Donald Trump : Under an executive order, “expensive insulin went from big dollars to virtual pennies … especially (for) our seniors.”
Todd Young : "Nearly 70 percent of all federal spending will go towards Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid" in fiscal year 2014.
Trent Franks : "Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born."
Patrick McHenry : "The most private question on this year’s form asks for an individual’s race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington."
Coalition for the Homeless : New York City could pay to house its homeless population in hotel rooms currently sitting vacant, but Mayor Bill de Blasio “has absolutely to this point refused to do that.”
National Federation of the Blind : Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per  hour.
Facebook posts : An image shows National Guard at the Capitol during the Black Lives Matter protests in D.C.
Dino Rossi : The Seattle Times called Patty Murray "a 'prolific sponsor of earmarks.' Patty even defended the 'Bridge to Nowhere.' "
James Dobson : John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
Joe Straus : "Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country."
Becky Moeller : Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court "has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans" otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
Ted Cruz : Says Beto O’Rourke is "the only candidate to the U.S. Senate to call for" impeaching President Donald Trump.
Facebook posts : “CBS stole a photo from Latinos for Trump in Phoenix and tagged it as a Biden event.”
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi “said Trump is BEST PRESIDENT ever” and “holds new election” for him
Vicki McKenna : A proposed ban on hollow-point bullets and bullets that expand upon impact "essentially bans deer hunting."
Ed Fallone : "The majority of my contributions have been from private individuals" giving $125 on average, "not from PACs, not from groups."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "Heitkamp has voted against Trump 68 percent of time."
Roberto Alonzo : "Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas."
Barack Obama : In Iraq, "civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year."
Josh Mandel : Says Sen. Sherrod Brown "cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care."
Lee May : "Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago."
Social Media : Says North Carolina’s "Democratic Secretary of State" controls the state's elections.
Viral image : A car flooded in Germany had a sticker critical of Greta Thunberg.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals : "Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls," posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans.
Sherrod Brown : Josh Mandel "is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohio's investment fund has NOT improved."
Kirsten Gillibrand : "Remember after the shooting in Las Vegas, (President Donald Trump) said, ‘Yeah, yeah, we’re going to ban the bump stocks.’ Did he ban the bump stocks? No."
Rick Scott : Says Bill Nelson "skipped 45 percent of the hearings on national security."
Donald Trump : "Even in California now, they don’t want to be sanctuary cities anymore. They want out."
Dan Sebring : Says opponent U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore ‘is Wisconsin’s most absent member of Congress, missing nearly 17 percent of the House votes in the second quarter of 2012.’
Jeff Greene : "Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed."
Donald Trump : Says he has "a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required."
Ken Paxton : "Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion."
Instagram posts : “Businesses cannot legally ask for proof of vaccination and cannot deny entry based on vaccination status.”
Donald Trump : “The Vice President has the power to reject fraudulently chosen electors.”
Pete Buttigieg : "When it comes to electability, every single time my party has won the presidency in the last 50 years, it’s been with a candidate who was new on the national scene, hadn’t spent a lot of time in Washington, and represented a new generation of leadership."
Barack Obama : "In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress."
Viral image : Muslim immigrants were responsible for 11,000 of 13,000 knife attacks in London in the past 12 months.
Evan Feinberg : "Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hub’s treasure trove of personal info."
Donald Trump : “Last night I was leading, often solidly, in many key States, in almost all instances Democrat run & controlled. Then, one by one, they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted.”
Mike Ford : Says the fluoride Austin is putting in its drinking water is "toxic waste."
WorldNetDaily : "A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008."
Bloggers : Says White House adviser Steve Bannon said, "Nobody can blame you for beating your wife if it’s out of love."
YouTube videos : The COVID-19 vaccines’ “spike protein is very dangerous, it's cytotoxic.”
Jack Reed : In the 1950s and 1960s, "the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty."
Rick Santorum : "Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate."
Bloggers : "Autopsy results from Vince Foster’s exhumed body — Cause of death to be changed!"
Bloggers : "Muslims get their way--Illinois will permit wearing burqas in driving licenses photos"
Nan Rich : Florida has the "third most-regressive tax" structure.
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says "Kurt Schrader supports Obama’s sequester … but won’t cut $1.6 million to fund new video games."
Pat Toomey : Says Debo Adegbile "was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals" and "was abruptly withdrawn by the administration."
Ashley Moody : Says the Biden administration is canceling immigration detainers and “requiring our law enforcement leaders to release” serious criminal offenders.
Reed Gusciora : "Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples."
Facebook posts : "Male birth control testing stopped after men’s testicles start exploding in India."
JoAnne Kloppenburg : In the primary election, a "right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support" Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley.
Stephen Colbert : "It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and can't afford its new science textbooks."
Instagram posts : A clip of Joe Biden shows him reading a response to an interview question from a teleprompter, saying “I lost that line.”
Ron Johnson : "Republicans have proposed dozens of (health care) solutions designed to help control costs and improve quality."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
American Bridge 21st Century : Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV passed "only one bill" in seven years.
John Boehner : Under the new health care law, "if a landscaper wants to buy a new lawnmower, or a restaurant needs a new ice-maker, they have to report that to the feds."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country."
William G. Batchelder : Says a photo ID voting law in Georgia didn't dissuade black voters from participating in voting. "It hasn't, it doesn't, and apparently, if you do cause and effect in that state, it's been helpful."
Sheila Jackson Lee : "Today, we have two Vietnams, side by side, North and South, exchanging and working."
Kathleen Falk : Since Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker took office, "we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades."
Catherine Taylor : "There's nothing in the voting instructions that we've been getting in the last several elections that lets you know" about the limitations of the master lever.
Jason MIller : “We will be over 290 electoral votes on Election Night ... no matter what they (Democrats) try to do, what kind of hijinks or lawsuits or whatever kind of nonsense they try to pull off.”
Matthew Cooke : The United States has "more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined."
New Jersey Democratic State Committee : "Since Mayor Kennedy O’Brien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now O’Brien is holding secret meetings with big developers."
GayDonna Vandergriff : Schuyler VanValkenburg co-sponsored a bill that would have "allowed abortion until the moment of birth."
Robert Jacquard : "There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt."
Bloggers : “Obama ordered CIA to train ISIS Jihadists”
Bill Richardson : Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal.
Scott Walker : "The alternative" to higher state worker pension and health care payments "is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs."
Viral image : “Pennsylvania just banned alcohol sales.”
Viral image : A photo shows a Trump rally in Pennsylvania, not the Woodstock music festival.
Keith Ellison : "About three-quarters of (Syrian refugees) are women and children. A full third of them are kids under 12 years old."
Facebook posts : Quotes George Washington as saying "when any nation mistrusts its citizens with guns … It no longer trusts its citizens because such a government has evil plans."
Jim Justice : "Thousands of folks are opening West Virginia E-ZPass accounts."
MoveOn.org : "Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections" in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
Tucker Carlson : “The (corona)virus just isn’t nearly as deadly as we thought it was.”
House Republican Conference : "Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits."
Bloggers : Says Nancy Pelosi said, if impeachment "doesn’t go through, I’ll resign."
Mike Pence : "One in five American households have nobody under the same roof that's got a job."
Chuck Todd : “The filibuster was never an idea of the founding fathers.”
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "doesn't make a thing in America."
Rob Portman : "$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : "If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space."
Roy Barnes : "I can put 10,000 people to work. Electricians, plumbers, sheet metal workers -- by retrofitting all of the state buildings for energy independence or efficiency."
Barack Obama : "While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart."
Newt Gingrich : Says "some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population."
Tom Price : The fiscal cliff deal "increased spending."
John Robitaille : Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for
Jeff Merkley : Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
James Inhofe : The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change "has been pretty well debunked."
Greg Abbott : Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
Newt Gingrich : People can use food stamps "for anything," including "to go to Hawaii," and even millionaires can qualify.
Donald Trump : "The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs."
Loretta Weinberg : Says a 1915 referendum on women’s right to vote "went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it."
Greg Abbott : "Texas has more full-time state employees per capita than California and Illinois."
Jim Mowrer : "After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the war’s longest tour."
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott "spent $800,000 of your tax dollars upgrading the Governor's Mansion."
Tom Graves : "Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009 … pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration."
Don't Let Florida Go To Pot : "25 percent of all drug-related fatal vehicle accidents in the U.S. involve marijuana."
Crossroads GPS : Says Sherrod Brown voted "for the $1.17 trillion health care law that adds a new tax on Ohio manufacturers."
Tom Kean Jr. : Says Democrats raised taxes over 115 times in the past 10 years, "making New Jersey increasingly unaffordable and chasing jobs to neighboring states."
Donald Trump : "Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever."
Tavern League of Wisconsin : A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
Tom Steyer : "Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death."
George Holding : "Obamacare raised premiums by 100 percent and after that 91 percent of the people were covered, but we’re all paying 100 percent more."
Cory Booker : "We've seen in this last year tremendous things happening, including our unemployment rate come down 2 percentage points."
Newt Gingrich : Says Hillary Clinton's health care plan from the 1990s "had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out" of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision.
Bloggers : "You have been selected to take part in our short survey to get 2 Free Alaska Airlines Tickets!"
Ted Deutch : Says Florida refused to allow the insurance commissioner to "negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high" under Obamacare.
Facebook posts : "Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015."
Rod Blum : "If you’re getting your insurance through (your employer), nothing changes" under Trumpcare.
Marcia Fudge : Ohio "thought that our (voting) machines were so awful we got rid of them, but South Carolina bought them. This is true. South Carolina bought all the machines we got rid of because they were not effective."
Mick Mulvaney : "If the CBO was right about Obamacare to begin with, there'd be 8 million more people on Obamacare today than there actually are. … Sometimes we ask them to do stuff that they're not capable of doing."
Nick Schroer : "FBI Uniform Crime Report for 2016 shows more than four times as many people were stabbed to death than were killed with rifles of any kind."
Ann Wagner : "Since passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Walmart 'increased their starting wage to $11/hr & has given about $400 million in bonuses.'"
John McCain : "The fact is it's not amnesty."
Facebook posts : Says actor Tim Allen wrote a lengthy anti-Democrat attack on Facebook.
Rodney Frelinghuysen : "The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012."
Paul Vallas : "I took over the school district when it had a $1 billion structural deficit and left them with $1 billion in cash and 70,000 more students than they have today."
Facebook posts : “Bernie Sanders in 1963 — arrested protesting segregation. Joe Biden in 1975 — passionate speech defending segregation.”
Mike DeWine : "At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result."
David Cicilline : Brendan Doherty wants "to repeal Obamacare, increasing drug prices for seniors."
Joe Kennedy : "Top CEOs (are) making 300 times the average worker."
DuBose Porter : Says there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago.
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows a “lithium mine for hybrid cars.”
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden has “allowed males to compete in girls’ sports.”
Barack Obama : "The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points."
Ohio Republican Party : Says Sherrod Brown in 1978 "voted for stricter removal standards (for voter registration) and then enforced them as Secretary of State."
Mary Burke : Wisconsin is "38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards" in student testing.
Rick Perry : Says Washington's reach extends to "even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use."
Brad Schimel : In America, "more people die from" prescription narcotic painkillers "than from heroin and cocaine combined."
Anti-Defamation League : It is estimated that Arizona "has lost more than $100 million in hospitality industry revenues since passage of the Arizona immigration laws."
Sean Duffy : President Barack Obama’s health care reform "slashed $500 billion from Medicare."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden and Kamala Harris would raise the federal income tax rate for a person with a bi-weekly gross salary of $3,000 to 39.6%, costing “nearly half your paycheck.”
John Morgan : Says Cathy Jordan was "arrested" and dragged out of her home by "a SWAT team of hooligans" for using medical marijuana.
Henry Cuellar : Says President Donald Trump "put out a $297 million contract to a vendor to show him how to hire Border Patrol. So, the first payment they made was $14.8 million. You know how many Border Patrol they hired with $14.8 million? Two."
Jerry Brown : "One hundred and ninety-four countries signed the Paris Agreement to control greenhouse gases. Our own voluntary agreement to accomplish the same goal — the Under2  MOU — has 165 signatories, representing a billion people."
Donald Trump : "At the request of Democrats, it will be a steel barrier rather than a concrete wall."
Ron Johnson : Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people "in this country illegally are working."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Says Mahlon Mitchell "received a massive raise on the backs of hard-working firefighters and turned the union into his own personal political slush fund."
Donald Trump : Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich "got lucky with a thing called fracking," which "is why Ohio is doing well."
Charlie Crist : "Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods."
Viral image : Says Saddam Hussein said, "We cannot defeat America by the sword. America must be defeated within their politics."
Bill de Blasio : "The graduation rate in New York City has increased by 50 percent in 13 years"
Jerry Patterson : Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the state’s emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
Facebook posts : Says a 2010 Rockefeller Foundation report shows the COVID-19 pandemic and the international response were “meticulously planned at least 10 years ago.”
Dave Aronberg : Dan Gelber's employment by BP's law firm "could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General."
Scott Keyes : "The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization."
Rick Perry : "America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world."
Let America Work : Says Russ Feingold was the "only senator to vote against Homeland Security."
JB Pritzker : Says a study projected that a pension buyout program he expanded would save "billions and billions, potentially $25 billion."
Viral image : “Chris Christie is in ICU and reported to be put on a ventilator.”
Gavin Newsom : Says "For the first time in our state’s history, the Pride flag has been raised at our State Capitol!!"
Susana Martinez : The Richardson-Denish administration "gave" 50,000 driver's licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
Senate Majority PAC : Says "Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said they’re bankrupting our country."
Michael Sullivan : Says the Texas Forest Service planted 6,000 trees in the Dallas/Fort Worth area before the Super Bowl for unknown reasons at an unknown cost.
Progressive Choice Florida : Says Charlie Crist "implemented Jeb Bush’s A+ Plan."
Facebook posts : A photo of Trump having a stroke is really a virus that will wipe out all information on your computer.
Ed Gillespie : "Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldn’t have passed without Mark Warner’s vote."
Chris Murphy : On assault weapons, Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s position is "way out of the judicial mainstream, far to the right of even late Justice Scalia."
Chain email : "The ACLU has filed a suit to have all military cross-shaped headstones removed."
John Watson : The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year.
Ted Cruz : "Did you know ObamaCare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected -- $1.8 TRILLION?"
Majority Forward : Says Sen. Pat Toomey "even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood."
Viral image : A photo shows a “Center for Global Population Reduction” at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation headquarters.
Steven Teske : High school students arrested on campus are twice as likely not to graduate and four times less likely to graduate if they’ve appeared in court.
The Gateway Pundit : "Facebook picks sides in Alabama Senate race ... shuts down Gateway Pundit and Breitbart reports on discredited Allred accuser"
Bloggers : “Military arrests Hunter Biden!”
Bob Corker : "We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Tom Suozzi raised taxes "by hundreds of millions of dollars" as Nassau County executive.
Donald Trump : Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack "was coming. So they did have advanced notice."
Adam Hasner : Says George LeMieux "falsely attacked Marco Rubio."
Donald Trump : "Collusion is not a crime."
Viral image : “Parents in Vail, Arizona just took over the school board — all according to the rules. Voted in a whole new board, and immediately removed the mask mandate.”
Priorities USA Action : "Mitt Romney made over a hundred million dollars by shutting down (a Marion, Ind. paper) plant."
Facebook posts : “On February 7, the WHO warned about the limited stock of PPE. That same day, the Trump administration announced it was sending 18 tons of masks, gowns and respirators to China.”
Viral image : “President-elect Biden steps down as president-elect.”
Bloggers : Says Nancy Pelosi said "Americans are the stupidest people on earth."
Michael Untermeyer : "Michael Untermeyer has been a Democrat for more than 40 years."
Lamar Smith : "I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump."
Think Big Illinois : "In almost every state with an income tax, wealthy people pay a higher tax rate than the middle class."
Republican Jewish Coalition : Barack Obama "refuses to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel."
Gail Buckner : “I have filed every disclosure that has ever been required.”
John McCain : "Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate."
Mitt Romney : "The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner."
Chele Farley : "Kirsten Gillibrand has put forward 331 bills since she's been in Congress. Do you know how many of them have been passed into law? Zero!"
Ken Cuccinelli : "There’s only one candidate under investigation -- Terry McAuliffe."
Perry Thurston : "Florida is one of only 10 states that totally prohibit a (firearm) registry."
Barack Obama : Says Romney said "we should ask Pakistan for permission" to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.
Connie Mack : Says Bill Nelson voted "98 percent of the time" with Barack Obama.
Leah Vukmir : Says Mark Pocan’s proposal to eliminate the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) would "eliminate border enforcement."
George Turner : "If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes."
Donald Trump : Wages "haven’t gone up for a long time."
David Cicilline : Women "earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position."
Tweets : Poll watchers in Philadelphia prevented from entering polling places.
Bee Moorhead : Says more Austinites voted in the city’s 1973 election featuring a mayor’s race than in the city’s most recent mayoral election.
Andrew Cuomo : "Half of the American women who are murdered are killed by their intimate partners."
Ed Fallone : Wisconsin's Supreme Court justices are "deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to."
Rand Paul : "Debt doubled" under Bush "and now it’s tripling under Barack Obama’s watch."
Carol Miller : "Just two weeks ago, Customs and Border Protection seized enough fentanyl to kill every person in West Virginia 32 times over."
International News Trends : Congressional Black Caucus introduces bill to "tax people for being white."
Jersey Central Power & Light : Hurricane "Irene was the second-largest storm to hit North America in terms of power outages -- and the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey since 1904."
Elisabeth Hasselbeck : A Census Bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down "as we headed into an election season."
Ron Johnson : Even though Chicago has "the most stringent gun laws on the books," it still "has the highest murder rate" in the country.
David Cicilline : "When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves."
Facebook posts : "Antifa Fascist Fangirl Tulsi Gabbard posing with Evan Duke, leader of Portland Antifa and Occupy ICE."
Gavin Newsom : "More than a million Californians" do not have "clean water to bathe in or drink."
Tim Kaine : The Democratic Party "is the oldest continuous political party in the world."
John Carter : Says the new health care law delivers a "$13 billion tax increase on families with special needs."
Facebook posts : "Biden slipped up and came out saying he’s going to tax your 401k. Are any of you EVEN paying attention?"
The Other 98% : "Last year (the U.S. women’s soccer team) generated $20 million more than the men’s team and were paid almost four times less."
Marco Rubio : Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.
Rahm Emanuel : Says in Chicago, "we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A."
Raw Story : "Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of ‘glow in the dark’ human-jellyfish hybrids."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Hillary Clinton shaking hands with Osama bin Laden.
Matt Gaetz : "Barack Obama put a permanent stop on this military aid to the Ukraine - he never allowed it to go."
Mitt Romney : "We're inches away from no longer having a free economy."
Bloggers : Say Sen. Lindsey Graham supports the Green New Deal.
YouTube videos : Video shows Joe Biden faked an interview in front of a green screen.
Rula Jebreal : "Ninety percent" of people living in Gaza "don’t have access even to water."
John Wisniewski : "If you're earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax."
Viral image : "Lettuce killed more Americans this year than undocumented immigrants."
Bloggers : Says Adam Sandler said "Mormons are some of the most decent people I’ve ever come across."
Tom DeLay : Says the foreman of the jury that convicted him was a Greenpeace activist.
Matt Caldwell : "A law enforcement officer is more likely to commit a crime than a CWP (concealed weapons permit) holder."
Chris Larson : "For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks" for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
Kim Reynolds : Iowa has “the highest high-school graduation rate in the country.”
Environmental Protection Agency : "The science is clear, under President Trump greenhouse gas emissions are down."
David Sweetser : Boston is just 60 minutes away and it’s offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline "is completely dominated by the cranes."
Rick Scott : "Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood."
Mike Pence : "Thomas Jefferson said, ‘Government that governs least governs best.’ "
Progress Texas : Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment "instructed" a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.
Ted Cruz : The 2013 immigration bill "expanded President Obama’s ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "When George Bush took office, President Clinton, a Democrat, and the Democratic Congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus."
Facebook posts : Says Michigan COVID-19 order bans gardening and the sale of vegetable seeds and fruit.
Lamar Smith : "In the last five years, 28,000 people have been killed along the U.S.-Mexico border."
Trent Franks : "It is true that we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)"
Resistance Report : Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "threatens citizens with arrest if they continue asking for a town hall."
Barry Loudermilk : In the House Republican health care bill, "we’re expanding women’s access to health services by redirecting Planned Parenthood dollars to community health centers, which vastly outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics."
Hillary Clinton : Says FBI Director James Comey’s letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails "only" went "to Republican members of the House."
Ron Johnson : “PPP on average probably provided a grant of around $11,000 per employee."
Rick Scott : "I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus."
Marco Rubio : Says Mitt Romney "was one of the first national Republican leaders to endorse" Marco Rubio.
Jeremy Thiesfeldt : "The vast majority of Wisconsin students cannot even read, write, or do math at grade level."
Emma Darnell : The "error rates" for the Fulton County elections department are "well below the average."
Ben Carson : Says Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi "was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video."
Mary Matalin : Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "has these offshore accounts" like Mitt Romney.
David Brooks : "There’s no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections."
Carlos Beruff : "The folks in Washington" are "already forcing you to buy government health care."
Nicholas Kristof : "More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty."
Donald Trump : Under Hillary Clinton’s plan "illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay."
Ben Carson : Says his tax plan wouldn't leave the federal government with a $1.1 trillion hole.
Donald Trump : "Heroin .. pours across our southern borders."
Facebook posts : "Congress quietly repealed the McCarran Warner Act of 1952 forbidding Muslims from holding office."
Martin Smith : By allowing brewpubs to sell beer, Georgia could become like Mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market.
Corey Stewart : Says Sen. Tim Kaine "approves of and even applauds his son's participation in a known terrorist organization, #Antifa."
Mike Fasano : "Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be." A planned nuclear plant repair "will only increase that percentage."
Bernie Sanders : The largest low-wage employer "is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government."
YouTube videos : Video shows Gianna Bryant in the hospital after helicopter crash.
Joe Biden : Says Donald Trump “is pushing to slash Medicare benefits."
George Will : "Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically."
Josh Mandel : The Affordable Care Act "will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history."
Vicky Hartzler : "Right now, China controls 80% of all ingredients and raw materials going into our generic prescription drugs."
Eddie Bernice Johnson : "In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%."
Paul Hipp : The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
WorldNetDaily : “New evidence ties COVID-19 creation to research funded by Fauci"
Dwight Jones : Says under his utility rate plan, "An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills."
DCCC : Says Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick, R-Pa., “stood with Trump and the lies… He stood with QAnon, not you.”
Jay Roberts : About 85 percent of hotel guests who will pay the new $5 hotel/motel fee will be from outside Georgia.
Kirsten Gillibrand : The problem of unwanted sexual contacts in the military "is not just a woman's issue. More than half of the victims are men."
Colin Kaepernick : Says Winston Churchill said, "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on."
Duncan Hunter : "At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas" and there are "dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol."
Wendy Davis : Greg Abbott did "nothing" to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school.
Bloggers : "Black Panthers Just Took Over City (Atlanta) – All Out War On Election Day"
Facebook posts : “The national coin shortage was done intentionally, the Mint is no longer releasing coins into circulation aka this is the beginning of the end of paper money.”
Suzanne Devlin : The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
Hillary Clinton : "The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt."
Ben Cardin : "Every time we've increased the minimum wage, we've seen a growth in jobs."
Jon Husted : A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 "could accept a bribe from somebody" and "couldn’t be removed from this commission."
Barack Obama : "At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade."
Chain email : An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was "dragged through the streets" and abused.
Bloggers : "New regulation requires motorcycle owners to install 75 MPH governor by January 2017"
Facebook posts : Say that according to the Los Angeles Times, “95% of warrants for murder in Los Angeles are for illegal aliens,” more than two-thirds of all births in Los Angeles County “are to illegal alien Mexicans” on Medicaid, “nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties are illegal,” and Nancy Pelosi “wants to put a windfall tax” on retirement fund profits.
Donald Trump : "There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor."
Facebook posts : “More than 40 military tribunals testified.”
Joe Biden : John McCain has changed position on invading Iraq.
Donald Trump : "Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001" and "Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001."
Barack Obama : When President Franklin D. Roosevelt started Social Security, "it only affected widows and orphans," and when Medicare began, "it was a small program."
Russ Feingold : Says Ron Johnson referred to "The Lego Movie" as an "insidious anti-business conspiracy."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, "phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members."
Bernie Sanders : "We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana."
Turning Point USA : HR 1 “gives the federal government the power to establish their own committees” to take over the redistricting process.
Mitt Romney : The Supreme Court said the individual mandate "is a tax. So it's a tax."
Bloggers : "Democrats just elected (include)… a man who preys on underage prostitutes … and an anti-semitic racist who beats women."
Viral image : “The tax deadline is April 18th. Do your taxes soon.”
Republican Party of Florida : Says Charlie Crist "voted against raising the minimum wage."
Tim Sheehy : A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would "be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country."
Facebook posts : Says the WIC program was created by the Black Panthers to help feed single mothers and children in their communities.
Michael Madigan : "Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. It's documented. It’s available."
Paul Stekler : Louisiana’s film incentives program is so big "they actually shot an upcoming film initially titled ‘Don’t Mess With Texas’ in New Orleans!"
Ron Johnson : Says President Barack Obama "did not come into office with the economy in a free fall."
John Buss : Tallahassee is "the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation."
Rick Santorum : Rick Santorum "reformed welfare."
Sheriff David Clarke for U.S. Senate : Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has said Black Lives Matter "is a terrorist movement, a hate group and calls it, Black LIES Matter."
City of Atlanta : A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
Rick Perry : "Romneycare was model for Obamacare."
Steny Hoyer : Says up to a quarter of African Americans don’t have government photo ID.
Tammy Baldwin : Says Secretary of State Rex Tillerson got a "government service golden parachute" payment of $180 million "from Exxon Mobil that he would have to forfeit had he taken a job elsewhere."
Bill Kristol : The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 "was the first color revolution."
Robin Vos : A study of private bail bond systems "showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states" of defendants skipping court appearances.
Barack Obama : Wisconsin Republicans "repealed a statewide fair pay law" that made "sure women are treated fairly on the job."
Saxby Chambliss : The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
Instagram posts : “Fauci says there will be 'two Americas': One for vaccinated, one for unvaccinated.”
Laura Ingraham : U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were "touring the country last year … joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform."
Tweets : Say a boy was 'caged' in a wire enclosure.
Rick Scott : "Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month."
Salmon for All : "This ban will only apply to Oregon commercial fishermen. Washington commercial fishermen would still be allowed to use gillnets on the Columbia River."
Chain email : The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
James Lankford : "This year, a majority of states are seeing premiums and costs double" under Obamacare.
John Hickenlooper : After legalizing marijuana in Colorado, "we haven't seen a spike in consumption."
Dolores Gresham : "I didn’t try to push" a bill to reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students.
Jeanine Pirro : ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was "released by Obama in 2009."
Barack Obama : McCain "voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."
Donald Trump : When Hillary Clinton "ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen — they don't know."
Marylanders to Prevent Gun Violence Education Fund : A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is "a requirement that's reduced gun crimes in the five states where it's the law."
Stephen Nodine : Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
Bloggers : "Hillary on child aliens in 2014: Send them back."
Vern Buchanan : "In the last 50 years, (the federal government has) only balanced the budget five times."
Joe Biden : The U.S. had 44 CDC staffers “in China to observe what was going on. (President Trump) brought home the vast majority of them, I think left only four in place.”
Lisa Baldelli-Hunt : "Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less."
Club for Growth : "As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes."
Bill White : Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
Ted Kanavas : "Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs."
League of Conservation Voters : Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit "unlimited carbon pollution into our air"
Future PAC (Oregon House Democrats) : Says Julie Parrish is "one of Sarah Palin’s mama grizzlies."
Karl Rove : The Hyde Amendment "language was in the (human trafficking) bill. The Democratic sponsor admits it was in the bill, and she voted for it."
Senate Majority PAC : Says “John James supported Betsy DeVos’ agenda to cut public school funding and put it into wealthy private schools instead.”
Americans for Prosperity : Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as  "tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China."
Nick Freitas : “Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez votes with President Trump more than Abigail Spanberger does.”
Republican National Committee : Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
Jim Sullivan : Says Leah "Vukmir supports allowing people to carry concealed weapons into day care centers, churches, health care clinics and playgrounds."
Sean Casten : "From 2000 to 2016, every major drug that was introduced came out of" National Institutes of Health funding.
Donald Trump : Says he’s the one who gave the nickname “Mad Dog” to former Defense Secretary James Mattis.
Donald Trump : Says as president he has “total” authority to re-open states amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
Bloggers : "British Intelligence Seizes Clinton Foundation Warehouse, $400 Million In Cash."
Nick Schroer : "There are statistics out there that show the number of women who died from illegal abortions prior to Roe v. Wade, that number has skyrocketed since with women dying more with legal abortions."
Joni Ernst : “I have been very clear with DACA. Even in my campaign six years ago I stood for those Dreamers.”
Scott Walker : "Our pension system is the only one in the country that’s 100 percent funded."
Mitt Romney : Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
Joe Leibham : Says Common Core is a federal mandate.
Steve Lonegan : "New Jersey taxpayers … will now face the highest tolls in the country."
Ron Johnson : “Biden’s plan will immediately let in 25,000 asylum-seekers who’d been waiting in Mexico as their cases were judged.”
Greg Abbott : "We’ve had about 3,000 murders" in connection with lax border security.
Peter Schweizer : "Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008," showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal.
Benjamin Crump : Says "99 percent of the time police officers aren't charged when they kill young people of color."
True Pundit : Says a video shows "Coretta Scott King thanking Jeff Sessions for Rosa Parks library."
Michael Opitz : U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
Joe Biden : “The NAACP has endorsed me every time I've run.”
Tweets : “Joe Biden completely botches the Pledge of Allegiance.”
Eric Greitens : Says Chris Koster "opposes right-to-work efforts because he has taken $8 million from ‘union bosses.’"
Pat Robertson : Russian natural gas company "Gazprom held Europe by the throat -- they were a monopoly, and now the U.S. is breaking into that monopoly with our exports of (liquefied natural gas)."
James Crowley : "Surveys of teens in high school reveal that knowing a classmate who sells cannabis is 90 times more common than knowing a classmate who sells alcohol."
Donna Howard : "Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011."
Tammy Baldwin : Says the Trump administration "has banned the CDC even using the word ‘transgender.’ "
Barack Obama : "We've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs."
Ron Johnson : Russ Feingold "voted against the law that protected our lakes" and "was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no."
Scott Walker : Thanks to our policies, "for the first time in state history, we have put millions of dollars into our rainy day fund in consecutive years."
Facebook posts : In 20 years "there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president."
Mike Haridopolos : "Obamacare cuts $500 billion in future Medicare funding in order to fund the new constitutionally questionable government mandate, even going so far as to scuttle Medicare's most popular (and successful) part, Medicare Advantage."
Facebook posts : Says U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez took a "$10 million payout from Netflix."
Robert Singer : "More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students."
John Boehner : "I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one."
David Plouffe : "The group that supported the president’s health care bill the most? Latinos."
Austan Goolsbee : "Over the last 15 months, we've added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. That's far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession."
Marco Rubio : "I never was in favor of shutting down the government. … (I) voted to fund the government fully."
Donald Trump : “Nobody's ever seen a number like this… (33.1%) economic growth is four times greater than what the experts expected.”
Tim McGinty : Says he "tore down hundreds of abandoned homes that served as havens for crime and reduce(d) the value of our neighborhoods."
Nathan Deal : "Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year."
HoustonChronicle-tv.com : "Celine Dion’s 16-year-old Rene-Charles Angelil’s was among the 58 victims who were killed" in Las Vegas.
Mitt Romney : "When I was governor, not only did test scores improve – we also narrowed the achievement gap."
Joel Keehn : The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
Marty Beil : Says Gov. Scott Walker "raises the pay of inmates, but we don't raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions."
Facebook posts : Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
Instagram posts : Vitamin D, vitamin C, colloidal silver and black seed oil can kill the coronavirus.
Donald Trump : During the Nixon Watergate investigation, "out of courtesy, the FBI started reporting to the Department of Justice. But there was nothing official."
Herman Cain : "When I became president and CEO of Godfather’s Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles."
Jon Tester : "Dark money is paying for over 80 percent of (Kavanaugh’s) ads."
Mike Honda : "Six justices" on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912."
Martin Shkreli : "Daraprim is still underpriced, relative to its peers."
Scott Walker : Says that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border
David Boies : Every one of "more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June… ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation."
Viral image : Says Nancy Pelosi “wants to remove votes from soldiers overseas” and said, “They don’t even live here.”
Travis Allen : "This new gas tax does not increase (road) capacity anywhere in the state. It will build no new lanes of freeways. If Californians didn’t like their traffic before, they’re going to like it even less when they’re stuck in the exact same traffic and paying more for their gas."
Tom Toles : A "working woman" will earn $7.70 on $10.
Tucker Carlson : "The United States ended slavery around the world, and maybe we should get some credit for that, too."
Dan Ramos : Under Gov. John Kasich’s budget proposal, "the top one percent in Ohio will pay $10,000 less in income tax each year, but Ohio’s working and middle class families will pay more."
Martha McSally : Says Rep. Kyrsten Sinema supported a bill that is "essentially encouraging child trafficking."
David A. Clarke Jr. : Milwaukee has seen "an uptick in violence" since 2010, and "the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in."
Bob Barr : "The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already "paid in. We paid for it."
Donald Trump : A Trump television ad shows Mexicans swarming over "our southern border."
Don McIntire : "We’re spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system."
Rand Paul : "In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive" than the United States.
Uspoln Website : "Rubio: ‘Rape victims should be in custody if there is suspicion that they’re planning abortion.’ "
Kathleen Vinehout : Says Wisconsin "doesn't even give" released prison inmates "a bus ticket to get home."
Peter Kilmartin : "When the mayor of Providence's brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didn't have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook."
Jeanne Shaheen : Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.
Viral image : Says Sen. Cory Booker wants to require a federal license for gun owners but criticizes voter ID laws as discriminatory.
Russ Feingold : Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson "oppose a woman's right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act."
Bloggers : "USA: Mysterious Nazi submarine from WWII discovered in Great Lakes!"
Bill Cassidy : Under the Graham-Cassidy health insurance bill, in "states like Maine, Virginia, Florida, Missouri, there will be billions more dollars to provide health insurance coverage for those in those states who have been passed by by Obamacare."
The Gateway Pundit : "Migrant mother and ‘crying girl’ on Time cover never separated."
Russell Edwards : "Paul Broun Jr. sides with sexual deviants to support sale of 'crush videos.' "
Instagram posts : Says a photo shows Michelle Obama as a man prior to marrying Barack Obama.
Dick Cheney : President Barack Obama's "initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber" was to say that "this was the act of an isolated extremist."
Barack Obama : Says his budget plan "would cut our deficits by $4 trillion."
Mitt Romney : "I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA."
Greg Abbott : “We now have more job openings than we do people who are on unemployment. We have 60% more job openings today than we did the month before the pandemic hit the state of Texas.”
Don Francis : Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
Chain email : Says the word "Dhimmitude" is on page 107 of the health care law and means "Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance."
Brigid Shea : Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
Facebook posts : Texas and Florida have a “balanced budget” while California is “in debt $54 billion and New York is “in debt $6.1 billion.”
US Uncut : Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "provides zero state funding for homeless shelters."
Joe Biden : "In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month."
Sher Valenzuela : "A Gallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners aren't hiring because of what they call ‘regulatory uncertainty.’"
Viral image : Lawyer-couple who pointed guns at protesters are Black Lives Matter backers, Democrats and represent a police brutality victim.
Tom Niehaus : "Unfortunately we have documented instances where people defecated in the (Statehouse) building."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney "had millions in a Swiss bank account."
West Virginia Republican Party : "Women’s unemployment has been lower under President Trump than it’s been in nearly 70 years."
Ron Johnson : "There's a survey done in Guatemala. A third of Guatemalans intend to migrate to the United States. That's about 5.8 million people."
Debra Medina : "The Texas Department of Transportation... misplaced a billion dollars."
Michele Bachmann : "Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi on Aug. 31 blocked members of Congress from reading aloud on the House floor the names of the 13 U.S. service members killed in Afghanistan.
Facebook posts : “Trump denies fire assistance to California because they didn't vote for him, but helped Russia with their wildfires in Siberia.”
Rob Portman : "There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this."
Scott Walker : "Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay."
Mark Shields : Republicans "made it easier to buy a gun" in states they won in 2010.
Facebook posts : Quotes Thomas Jefferson as saying "When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government."
Facebook posts : Says Bill Cosby was framed for sexual assault by the Illuminati to stop him from buying NBC.
Viral image : Says Clint Eastwood called Joe Biden an “incompetent, lying, flip-flopping, insincere, double-talking, radical socialist.”
Hank Gilbert : Says gas pumps in different parts of Texas are missing state inspection stickers and/or their inspections are out of date--and that's cheating consumers.
Jim Bridenstine : "This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning."
Bernie Sanders : Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama "naive" for saying he was would "sit down and talk to the Iranians" during the 2008 Democratic primary.
Rob Portman : Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.
Armond Budish : "Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending.  They never paid for their tax cuts."
Daniel Mielke : "Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of  illegal immigrants."
Realtime Politics : "Democrats Filing TREASON Charges Against Trump, McConnell, Giuliani, & Comey."
Doug Muder : Says Sen. Rand Paul’s 2011 budget "included a big cut in the CDC."
Arne Duncan : "There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips" because of sequestration.
Mitt Romney : President Obama’s lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the state’s early voting period.
Bloggers : Says Barack "Obama orders life-sized bronze statue of himself to be permanently installed in White House."
Will Weatherford : "Let’s say (Republicans) take away half of our delegates. They’re worth more than Iowa’s, New Hampshire’s and almost South Carolina’s combined."
Facebook posts : Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible credit and more.
Viral image : Says Ann Landers said, "At age 20, we worry about what others think of us. At age 40, we don’t care what they think. At age 60, we discover that they have not been thinking of us at all."
Ed Schultz : Says Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers.
Instagram posts : Says no one has died from the coronavirus in the United States.
Bob Seger : The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long.
Randy Leonard : Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
Newt Gingrich : "Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan view ISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And that’s just one country."
John Boehner : The stimulus includes "$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."
Barack Obama : The Republican budget plan "says that 10 years from now, if you’re a 65-year-old who’s eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today."
Rick Perry : "The first round of stimulus ... it created zero jobs."
Donald Trump : Tariffs are "paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us."
Ilhan Omar : "Every day on average 500 people die from gun violence."
Joshua Marquis : Says 25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty.
Josh Mandel : Sherrod Brown "has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president."
Barack Obama : Because of the new health care law, "2.5 million young adults now have coverage."
David Axelrod : "We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump offered his hotel “to our troops to sleep in after they were put in a car garage.”
University of Oregon : "Things like … having Friday classes have been shown to be very effective on college campuses" in reducing drinking.
Alberta Darling : Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch, her recall opponent, "voted to allow public school employees to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab for…Viagra."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now "hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers."
Ted Cruz : "Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama."
Mark Warner : $65 billion "would be added to the deficit if we keep the cuts for people on the highest incomes."
Chain email : "Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare won't pay a cent."
Marcy Kaptur : Electric utility FirstEnergy's annual revenues are greater "than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations."
Sam Houston : Says he would have "almost twice the actual experience practicing law" Greg Abbott did on becoming attorney general of Texas.
Viral image : Ilhan Omar called for "violence" against President Trump over Middle East dispute.
Jorge Ramos : "President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office."
Rick Scott : High-speed rail would have cost Florida taxpayers $1 billion to build.
Viral image : Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
Chain email : "In 20 years there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president by themselves."
Chain email : Under the new health care law, "all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax"
Barack Obama : "Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade."
Ted Cruz : "Every year we spend roughly $500 billion on tax compliance. That is roughly the budget of our entire military, entirely wasted on tax compliance."
Donald Trump : "The Dems and their committees are going ‘nuts.’ The Republicans never did this to President Obama."
Donald Trump : The Dow Jones Industrial Average "jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history."
Bloggers : "Three of five detainees swapped (for Bowe Bergdahl) are now ISIS leaders."
Matt Schlapp : The Trump administration’s policy of separating families is "the same way Barack Obama did it."
Lois Frankel : Recently Rick Scott "closed 30 women’s health care centers across the state."
Ted Cruz : Says President Barack Obama "will not utter the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism’ and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words ‘radical Islamic terrorism.’"
OurLandOfTheFree.com : "President (Donald) Trump pardons Kim Davis."
Bob Wirch : "Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate" the governor’s mansion.
Facebook posts : Thousands of military ballots were found in the trash in Wisconsin.
Clarence Thomas : The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments.
Scott Brown : The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
Jim Webb : "The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009."
John McCain : "I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail."
The Patriot Report : Says Donald Trump is "canceling funding for Obama’s free house and library."
David Dewhurst : "I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history."
Facebook posts : “Hillsboro school district has already placed Antifa, BLM in their curriculum as Justice Fighters. Fourth grade.”
Bob Gibbs : Cap and trade legislation that Zack Space supported "would cost the average household approximately $1,761 per year in increased energy rates."
Pink Pony : The city of Brookhaven’s ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby "putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy."
Ocean State Policy Research Institute : "Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include … $250,000 to provide digital television to the state’s inmate population."
Andy Craig : "Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws," candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsin’s state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
Rick Scott : Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Florida's economy.
Barbara Buono : Says spending in the fiscal 2009 budget was lower than spending in the fiscal 2014 budget
Facebook posts : “Judge Rules Over 200,000 Biden Votes Are Illegitimate In Wisconsin.”
Patrick Murphy : Says Marco Rubio "has a 98 percent voting record with the Koch brothers."
Mitt Romney : "Under the Obama administration’s bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close."
Barack Obama : "I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling."
Jim Webb : President Obama budget request for veterans is "more than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third."
Jay Ashcroft : “When you look at Wisconsin, in their largest city they normally have roughly 500 polling places. They just had their election a week ago, and they had five. That is ludicrous.”
Viral image : Asks, “How is this possible?” with a chart showing that 104.41% of registered voters in North Carolina and 103.56% of registered voters in Wisconsin cast votes.
Facebook posts : "Nicole Kidman ‘blacklisted’ from Hollywood for vowing to support president."
Viral image : Quotes Joe Biden as saying "no ordinary American cares about constitutional rights."
Ron Kind : "We're experiencing a net outflow of illegal, undocumented workers from America back to Mexico."
Joaquin Castro : Texas is "the state that has now gone the longest without electing a Democrat statewide."
Instagram posts : “Black Lives Matter and antifa set Catholic church on fire in Minneapolis.”
Chain email : Says President Barack Obama "doubled the national debt, which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate, in one year."
Facebook posts : A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, "Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it."
John Taylor : "The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state."
Michele Bachmann : "Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent."
Americans for Responsible Solutions : "Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America."
Facebook posts : Says the suspected Boulder mass shooter is a Muslim "who entered illegally from Mexico and purchased the firearm from a guy that sells stolen guns."
Facebook posts : "Starting Jan. 1 California residents can’t take shower, do laundry, poop in toilet and flush on same day."
Senate Majority PAC : Says Scott Brown "voted to give oil companies big tax breaks."
Charlie Crist : Marco Rubio is a "Miami lobbyist."
Bloggers : "Doctors who discovered cancer enzymes in vaccines all found murdered."
Scott Walker : Wisconsin’s Government Accountability Board "ignored their duties and did not regularly audit" voters to remove felons "for a span of 16 elections.
Tweets : "Not once in his entire career in Washington, D.C., which started way back in 1991, has Democratic Socialist Bernie Sanders ever voted yes on sanctions against Russia."
Vincent "Buddy" Cianci : "Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state."
Juan Williams : The people who want President Barack Obama impeached "are all white, they're all older, and guess what, they're in the far right wing of the Republican Party."
Bloggers : "Starbucks CEO: ‘If You Support Traditional Marriage We Don’t Want Your Business’"
Ron Johnson : "The climate hasn't warmed in quite a few years. That is proven scientifically."
Ian Bremmer : Says President Richard Nixon held meetings with heads of state without an American interpreter.
Rick Scott : The federal health care law is "probably the biggest tax increase ever in the history of our country."
Lamar Smith : Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
Robin Vos : Says Gov. Scott Walker’s proposed reduction in university spending is "about the size of the one" under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didn’t treat Doyle’s cut as so dire.
Bloggers : Says Joe Biden "tells men to marry into families ‘with 3 or 4 sisters.’"
Facebook posts : Five JetBlue pilots died from the COVID-19 vaccine.
Mark Pocan : Says Donald Trump's first 17 Cabinet appointments "have a net worth of more than a third of America."
Barack Obama : When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he "stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, ‘This plant kills.’"
Facebook posts : “Coronavirus Hoax: Fake Virus Pandemic Fabricated to Cover-Up Global Outbreak of 5G Syndrome.”
Georgians Together : David Perdue "opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women."
John Cornyn : "In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation" of "the Hyde amendment."
John Faso : A waiver in the American Health Care Act "doesn’t apply to things like maternity coverage."
Mike Haridopolos : Says "many states" are floundering under crushing deficit spending.
Lee Holloway : Says he got twice as much money from the sale of County Grounds land than Milwaukee County Executive Scott Walker was willing to accept.
Republican Party of Florida : "Barack Obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals."
Juan Williams : Polls indicate that "white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think they’re less trustworthy, less patriotic."
Sacramento Bee Editorial Board : Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
Martha McSally : Says "former Democrat Kelli Ward attacked President Trump's plans to crack down on illegal immigration, saying Trump was making a mistake."
Viral image : "15 homeless people have already been found frozen to death in Chicago."
George Allen : The debt is "nearly $6 trillion more than when President Obama was sworn into office."
Ron DeSantis : The result of lockdowns “has been the destruction of millions of lives across America as well as increased deaths from suicide, substance abuse and despair without any corresponding benefit in Covid mortality.”
Jack Latvala : From 2008 to 2011, "the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200."
Paul Krugman : "The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal."
William Taylor : "The Russians are violating all of the rules, treaties, understandings that they committed to that actually kept the peace in Europe for nearly 70 years."
Newt Gingrich : The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state "is clearly illegal. … The Constitution says you can’t take this stuff."
Randi Shade : Says that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.
Barack Obama : "He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet."
John Kasich : "We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year."
John Cornyn : "Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas."
Beto O'Rourke : "60 million Americans live in a place where the water they drink is unsafe."
Associated Industries of Florida : The "working tax cut" created "over 40,000 new jobs in just the last four years."
Sherrod Brown : Says Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry.
Recovery.gov : 52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
MoveOn.org : "(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000."
Congressional Leadership Fund : Says Dan Feehan "would vote with Pelosi for open borders and amnesty, putting Minnesota families at risk."
Donald Trump : "As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games."
Eric Gray : Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
Scott Walker : "We took Wisconsin from the Bottom 10 for business to the Top 10."
Tom McClintock : "In 2017, illegal aliens murdered 1,800 Americans."
Brian Robinson : The changes to Georgia’s tax and fee structure "is an overall tax cut."
ForAmerica : "American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child."
Texas Democratic Party : Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz "opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos."
Rush Limbaugh : The government is "going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it."
Bill Clegg : The U.S. deficit "increases at $3 million per second."
Marc Molinaro : Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo is "stealing money from the MTA and sending it upstate for projects that have nothing to do with transit."
Rick Perry : "We've created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined."
Reid Ribble : Says President Barack Obama "built this $16 trillion debt."
Ted Cruz : My campaign "finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field … $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign."
Joe Biden : “If you're making less than $15 an hour, you're living below the poverty wage.”
Donna Brazile : "Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : By advocating new requirements for voters to show ID cards at the polls, Republicans "want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws."
Joe Garcia : Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo "supported ending the Medicare guarantee."
Travis Rowley : "The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections."
Jon Ossoff : “David Perdue says he'll do everything in his power to make sure Joe Biden fails.”
Newt Gingrich : Shutdowns are "a normal part of the constitutional process," with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip O’Neill and two during his own speakership.
Emil Runge : By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is "hiding more than he's disclosed" about his business dealing with the state.
Florida Democratic Party : Donald Trump’s "golf course on the island defaulted, like so many of his other failed business schemes. The failure left Puerto Rican taxpayers with a nearly $33 million bill."
Kelda Helen Roys : "There are a lot of private charters. And in fact, (Tony Evers) sought and received the largest charter school grant in the country from the Trump-DeVos administration to start new charter schools in Wisconsin."
Kirk Cox : "Sheila Bynum-Coleman said, ‘We need to get the police out of the schools.’"
Donald Trump : "Jeb's policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse."
Rand Paul : Says the federal government is supporting a study in Hawaii to "develop a menu for when we colonize Mars."
Jack Posobiec : Says Donald "Trump decided to *not* work with Cambridge Analytica during the election."
Mitt Romney : Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
Joe DeFelice : If the mayor were really serious about supporting Philly's schoolchildren and handling our city's looming fiscal crisis, he could begin by slashing the size of his own administration, which is already 45 percent larger than his predecessor's and 40 percent more costly.
Viral image : Says Donald Trump’s sister tweeted, “My brother Don won this election and will fight this to the very end.”
Wendy Davis : "I never gave up custody of my children. I never lost custody of my children."
Scott Surovell : "Eighty-five percent of the states in the United States that had electrocution have now abolished it."
Jim Sensenbrenner : President Barack Obama’s budget threatens national security by proposing "an Army of fewer personnel than we had before Pearl Harbor."
Chain email : Barack Obama has written and co-sponsored more bills in three years than Hillary Clinton has in seven.
Donald Trump : “We’ve tested more than every country combined.”
Viral image : “This man funds #ANTIFA. He is a real #NAZI. His name is George Soros.”
Sherrod Brown : More than 10 years of free trade "has brought a $2 billion per day trade deficit."
Jerry Falwell Jr. : Ted Cruz was "the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas."
Bloggers : "Obama did in fact unconstitutionally spy on Trump throughout the presidential election."
Florida for All : "Rick Scott’s Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012."
Jeb Hensarling : In a "sweetheart deal … members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges."
Bernie Sanders : "The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population."
Bernie Sanders : "There are more assault rifles, as I understand it, in the hands of private citizens than in the hands of the United States military. We're talking about 5 to 10 million assault weapons in the hands of private citizens."
Facebook posts : Video montage shows Kamala Harris and others faking vaccination.
North Carolina Republican Party : Says North Carolina is "home of the largest military installations in the world."
Troy LaRaviere : "Under Emanuel, CPS has become the most understaffed school district in Illinois."
Jeb Bush : "In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races."
Andrew Napolitano : Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed "the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya."
Eric Bolling : "USPS loses $1.46 each Amazon package it delivers."
Tim Curtis : Common Core means "there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you."
Alan Grayson : "When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office."
Phil Berger : "Since 2011, the gap in high school graduation rates between African-American students and all students has been cut in half, from 6.4 percent to 3.1 percent."
Chet Edwards : "When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no."
Barack Obama : "The actions I’m taking" are "the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century."
Kevin McCarthy : Studies are showing California’s wildfires "are producing more emissions than all of our cars are doing."
Barack Obama : "The Border Patrol has 20,000 agents – more than twice as many as there were in 2004."
Bill Hammond : Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
Ryan Fournier : "Starting January 1, 2020, California will tax legal citizens if they don’t have health insurance. Why? The state needs to come up with $98,000,000 to pay for free health insurance for illegal aliens."
Stacey Campfield : Says a drug test can be performed for "just $4 or $5."
Ted Cruz : "Two-thirds of the (Hurricane Sandy relief) bill had nothing to do with Sandy."
Health Care for America Now : Health insurance companies deny "1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors."
Robert Hagan : "The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So you’re not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it."
Sherrod Brown : "More than one in five of veterans aged 20 to 24 can’t find a job to support their family or to ease the transition to civilian life."
Valarie Wilson : Says Democratic candidate for state school superintendent Alisha Thomas Morgan voted to slash funding for the preschool programs for disabled and special needs students.
Barack Obama : "When these same Republicans –- including Mr. Boehner –- were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down."
Bloggers : Said Vin Diesel declared his love of Rockford, Ill., after locals provided him car help and hospitality.
Donald Trump : Mexico has "very strong border laws -- ours are pathetic."
Barack Obama : Says his administration has created "5 million jobs … over the last 30 months in the private sector alone."
John McCain : "I never considered myself a maverick."
Bloggers : “Colorado school forces students to wear hijabs.”
Susan Combs : The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
David Price : Says border "crossings remain at historically low levels."
Jennifer Shilling : "Foxconn tax break could exceed $1 million per job."
Donald Trump : Marco Rubio "has the No. 1 absentee record in the United States" Senate.
Facebook posts : Says 93,000 blacks didn’t vote in Milwaukee (in 2016)
National Republican Congressional Committee : Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a "Canadian-style government takeover of health care."
Viral image : Says Tom Hanks has a volleyball to keep him company while he’s quarantined.
Ben Wikler : Says a ballot can be emailed to Wisconsin voters even a day before the election.
Facebook posts : “This is 76 year old senile Joe Biden!!! That is a 15 year old girl with whom he’s making out!!!”
Bloggers : Says Nancy Pelosi tried “once again” to include abortion funding in the latest coronavirus bill.
Hillary Clinton : "Florida doesn't regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesn't require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesn't require any registration, whatsoever."
AntiNews.in : "Chinese lunar rover finds no evidence of American moon landings."
Facebook posts : “OSHA says masks don't work” to reduce COVID-19 transmission “and violate OSHA oxygen levels.”
Ban Ki-moon : The Paris Agreement "is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day."
Mary Burke : "Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isn’t even using the funds that are appropriated to it."
Chuck Todd : "Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate."
Paul Levesque : "We’ve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that we’ve followed them in for the Super Bowl. We’ve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales."
Richard Franklin III : Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
Texas Campaign for the Environment : Says most of Austin’s biggest parks have recycling though as "many as 293 out of 300" Austin city "parks have no recycling, including almost every neighborhood park."
Republican National Committee : Despite President Barack Obama's promise to cut healthcare costs, "the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300."
Cokie Roberts : "In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, it’s 1 in 14."
One New Jersey : Says New Jersey is "down nearly 200,000 jobs from its pre-recession peak" and with Gov. Chris Christie "New Jersey has trailed the rest of America when it comes to unemployment" for 12 consecutive months.
Progressive Change Campaign Committee : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "has threatened to call out the National Guard if workers protest against" changes to bargaining laws.
Mitt Romney : Repealing the health care law "would save $95 billion in 2016."
Dennis Kucinich : "The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American worker’s wage rose just 2 percent."
Ted Yoho : "Afghanistan has more hectares (of opium poppies) planted today than they had before we started this war."
Jonathan Stickland : Scott Fisher "tried to expand Obamacare in Texas and even voted for an official resolution to force 1 million Texans into Obamacare."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump said he nominated Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court because she “is much, much better looking than the women we have had.”
John Boehner : "In Wisconsin, the stimulus paid for a bridge to a bar called Rusty's Backwater Saloon. They've got great burgers, but no new jobs."
Donald Trump : Says Libya "Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help" in Benghazi.
Viral image : Says a photo shows U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar "at a Al’ Qaida training camp in Somalia."
Facebook posts : "The Australia bushfires have nothing to do with climate change; it was arson."
Mike Shirkey : “I don’t need” the COVID-19 vaccine. “I have natural immunity” that lasts “forever.”
Oregon PTA : Says, "Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation."
Kirsten Gillibrand : "Even in the last Congress, President Trump signed 18 of my bills."
Viral image : Photo shows Angela Merkel, Theresa May and Dalia Grybauskaitė as teenagers.
Bruce Rauner : "To be clear, all my investments are in a trust that I don’t control."
Steve Southerland : "If you have a job in this country, (there's a) 97 percent chance that you're not going to be in poverty."
Dan Patrick : "It’s against the law in Texas to let any loaded gun get in the hands of a child."
Charles Krauthammer : "If you want out of the individual mandate... all you have to do now is tick off the box that says 'hardship' and you're out."
Dan Patrick : "Since 2011, we have documentation of 1,671 dead bodies we have recovered in Texas, many in Brooks County."
Brian Fallon : Nevada is "still a state that is 80 percent white voters."
Jon Huntsman : "What’s clear is (Romney) likes firing people."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says New York Rep. John Faso "cast the deciding vote" to try to kill health care protections provided by Obamacare.
Paul Krugman : Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are "less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts."
Ashley Smith : Says transgender residents make up "about 1-in-300 people, we're all over the place, we're your friends and your neighbors."
Pete Hegseth : "The city (of St. Louis) is no stranger to violence. There were 5,762 violent crimes in 2015 alone, including 188 homicides. The highest rate per capita in the country, according to FBI crime statistics."
Joe Biden : “The Trump Administration promised 27 million tests by the end of March. As of now, only 4 million have been completed.”
NaturalNews.com : Says "the coronavirus was engineered by scientists in a lab."
Glenn Beck : "This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasn’t taken any money from the government. They don’t want any money from the government."
Betty McCollum : Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
Bloggers : The "moon has more than 250 million citizens."
Michele Bachmann : "The president … by executive order" could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation.
Charlie Kirk : “The Chinese Communist Party is using Zoom as a way to spy on our citizens.”
Bobby Scott : "Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s."
Fidelis : "Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice."
Rachel Maddow : "We know that tax cuts are remarkably un-stimulative when you compare them with different kinds of government spending."
House Majority PAC : Says Dino Rossi "stripped" health care "from 45,000 children."
Bloggers : Says Brett Kavanaugh’s mother presided over foreclosure case against Christine Blasey Ford’s parents, which fueled motivation for sexual assault accusation.
Scott McCown : Texas would have to increase current state spending by 28 percent just to reach the national average for spending per resident.
Rick Perry : "I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nation’s five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending."
Alex McMurtrie Jr. : State legislators "quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building" in 2013.
Roy Blunt : "Nearly 2/3 of rural Missourians don’t have access to broadband. That needs to change."
Kevin McCarthy : Says U.S. Rep. Justin Amash "votes more with Nancy Pelosi than he ever does with me."
Someonesbones : "Delta Force raids Obama stronghold in Thailand."
David Rouzer : "The #irandeal ultimately would have guaranteed Iran a nuclear bomb capable of reaching the US."
Troy Fraser : Says it probably costs more than $300,000 to run for a seat on the Pedernales Electric Cooperative board of directors.
Sara Stevenson : Says a Texas Senate committee considering "private school voucher" legislation randomly called people to testify regardless of when the people submitted requests to testify.
Molly White : The group that organized Texas Muslim Capitol Day in Austin "was recently listed as one of 82 organizations designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates."
Chuck Baldwin : When President Abraham Lincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, "there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army."
Shirley Franklin : Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district "significantly better than she found it."
Paul Ryan : Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
Louie Gohmert : Says a Justice Department memo "directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality."
Congressional Leadership Fund : "In Augusta, (Jared) Golden voted to let welfare recipients use your tax dollars to buy tattoos, tobacco, alcohol, even lottery tickets."
Joe Biden : The Trump budget "cuts $845 billion, almost a trillion dollar cut in Medicare."
Jeff Stone : Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukee’s downtown Park East corridor.
Facebook posts : Says Obama Foundation posted picture of George Floyd before he died.
Kinky Friedman : Says Barack Obama’s "favorability rating in Israel once clocked in at 4 percent."
Robin Vos : On red-flag laws says, "What (Democrats) wanted to do was say, ‘I think you might do something, so I’m going to take away your gun and make you prove you wouldn’t do it."
Lindsey Graham : "Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes."
Chain email : New tax increases that went into effect on Jan. 1, 2015, "all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare."
JB Pritzker : Says it was “unquestionably” not within his “legal authority” to postpone Illinois’ primary election by changing the date or shifting to vote-by-mail.
Bloggers : “Military rescues tortured children from tunnel beneath Capitol Hill.”
Mitt Romney : "In one year, (President Obama) provided $90 billion in breaks to the green energy world … into solar and wind, to Solyndra and Fisker and Tesla and Ener1."
Dennis Moss : "When Disney was looking to build Disney World, they came to Miami and we told Disney to take a hike."
Barack Obama : "14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day."
David Axelrod : Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOP's goal is to "go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy."
Rand Paul : "The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year."
Friends of India Point Park : "Proximity to high-voltage power lines lowers property values by as much as 30 percent."
Brian Robinson : Half the lottery directors across the country had not run a lottery before they were hired.
Bloggers : "Trump just gave every working, legal man, woman and child in the USA $612 each!"
Mike Prendergast : "Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly."
Sean Duffy : "Abortion providers like Planned Parenthood do little other than provide abortions."
Rick Scott : Says Charlie Crist "voted against minimum wage when he was in the Senate."
Dan Fanelli : Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have "passed the age limit for treatment."
Barack Obama : Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
Gus Bilirakis : "Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005."
Kasim Reed : "We have cut crime across every single zone in the city of Atlanta by between 10 percent and 16 percent, depending on the zone."
Barack Obama : "A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked."
National Review : Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last month’s election
Local 799 of the International Assoc. of Fire Fighters : "Elorza wants to teach our public school children about the ‘non-existence of God.’"
Charles Schumer : "The American people are overwhelmingly with us" in calling witnesses in Senate trial
Rob Turner : The property appraiser's budget "is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago."
Facebook posts : Children ages 5 to 9 “are not affected by” the coronavirus.
Cheri Toalson Reisch : “In Boone County (Missouri) with a 1.7% unemployment rate, we can’t find enough people, we can’t fill all the job openings.”
Tom Harkin : Cuba has "a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours."
Donald Trump : Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, "she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped."
Tommy Thompson : Federal health care reforms amounted to ‘the government takeover of health care.’
Marco Rubio : "Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll "voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries."
Jordan Rachel : A $15-per-hour minimum wage would raise the price of a Taco Bell burrito to $38.
Facebook posts : Soccer players on the U.S. women’s national team "stomped" on the American flag.
John Boehner : On immigration, "the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldn't do what he eventually did."
Elise Stefanik : Every time outgoing New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo “says the firearm industry ‘is immune from lawsuits,’ it's false.”
John Kasich : "When I left Washington, we had a $5 trillion surplus."
Bloggers : "More than two-thirds of the aliens the Obama administration has brought to the United States under the president's Central American Minors program weren’t actually minors at all."
Facebook posts : "Over 300K home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures."
Facebook posts : Says a series of photos show Iranian rockets being launched toward U.S. air bases in Iraq.
Rebecca Dallet : Says that as a judge, she has "presided over more than 10,000 cases."
Florida Democratic Party : "Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame."
Paul Ryan : On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise "the top rate to 44.8 percent."
Viral image : Kroger stores are charging a “BLM charge.”
Bloggers : "Cancer institute finally admits marijuana kills cancer."
Donald Trump : Rep. Dan Donovan "voted for Tax Cuts"
Joseph Chiusolo : Says "Essex County residents suffer the second highest property taxes in the nation."
Mike Stenhouse : Rhode Island has "the most burdensome level of health-insurance mandates in the nation."
Newt Gingrich : Says a federal judge in San Antonio "issued a ruling that … not only could the students not pray at their graduation, if they used the word ‘benediction,’ the word ‘invocation,’ the word ‘God,’ asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence, he would put the superintendent in jail."
Armond Budish : "We (Democrats) have made steady progress creating jobs and improving our schools."
Stephen Kretzmann : Georgia's U.S. senators voted for legislation that would "gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence."
Sylvia Garcia : Says that in Texas, it’s "already illegal to enter a bathroom to harm someone."
Portland Public Schools : Says proposed teacher contract "would layer on more restrictive rules."
Marsha Blackburn : Under Phil Bredesen, in sexual harassment cases, his administration chose "to shred some of the documents so that women’s voices would never be heard."
Ilhan Omar : The U.S. spends "57 cents on the dollar on defense."
Rachel Maddow : "The overall fact about illegal immigration is that it's not actually getting worse."
Chain email : Says President Barack Obama "added" $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined.
Bloggers : Says that Dianne Feinstein said that "all vets are mentally ill in some way and government should prevent them from owning firearms."
Viral image : “The woman in this photograph is Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, meeting with the Ku Klux Klan in 1926, Silver Lake, New Jersey.”
Mitt Romney : "Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European."
Ann Coulter : "America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexico's entire population."
Nina Perales : Says a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas "gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991."
Tom Reed : After the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, "the typical American worker’s pay growing at more than 3 percent a year, record low unemployment."
Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife : Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
Mary Margaret Oliver : More than 80 percent of Georgians don’t support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses.
Bloggers : Says Nancy Pelosi has “suspicious ties” to a voting software company that was involved in glitches that favored Joe Biden.
Rudy Giuliani : "The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America."
Lee May : DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
Facebook posts : Says Marco Rubio said that "felons should not have their voting rights restored" but that "convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time."
Bloggers : Say Michelle Obama "mandates" weighing children in day care.
Sam Adams : Says "last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent."
Gayle Atteberry : Says "Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards."
Gavin Newsom : Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "advocated diverting taxpayer dollars to so-called conversion therapy."
Facebook posts : Says Google Earth blocked people from seeing the Suez Canal.
Paul Broun : Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Paul’s voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
Heritage Foundation : "FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition."
Randy Forbes : "The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy."
Kamala Harris : Says handing over arrested undocumented youth to ICE "was an unintended consequence" of a 2008 San Francisco policy that she supported.
Russ Feingold : Social Security "was basically invented" at the University of Wisconsin-Madison; "that's where Franklin Roosevelt got the idea."
Common Cause : "Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering."
Rick Scott : Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
Kelly Loeffler : “Doug Collins repeatedly joined liberal Stacey Abrams to raise taxes...Kelly’s never voted for a tax increase — and never will.”
Facebook posts : Hank Aaron’s death was caused by a COVID-19 vaccine.
Americans United for Change : Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for "abolishing Social Security and Medicare."
Barack Obama : "We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses."
Ted Cruz : Says "the one person (Donald Trump) has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge."
Facebook posts : Walmart is adopting a staggered shopping schedule by age group during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Republican Governors Association : Roy Barnes "made Georgia dead last in education" and Georgia "led the nation in job losses."
Ted Cruz : The Supreme Court’s views "are radically out of step with public opinion" regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.
Rob Portman : Says out-of-state abortion clinics "have marketed their services to minors" in states with parental consent laws.
Chris Taylor : Voucher schools have increased property taxes by $1 billion since 2011
Daily USA Update : Says "Scott Baio .. dies in small plane crash."
Ken Cuccinelli : "Every (personhood) bill I’ve ever support has either had language that says we’re conforming to the constitutional rulings of the Supreme Court or something to that effect."
Rachel Maddow : "When the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport needed to stop its earthquake spike a few years ago, they temporarily shut down the wells that were injecting fracking fluid into the ground ... (and) those earthquakes stopped."
Volusia County Republican Party : "The United States Department of Education has introduced an Islamic indoctrination program for the public schools, called ‘Access Islam.’ "
Greg Abbott : Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
Barney Frank : "Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest."
John Patrick : "If you have a family, the current minimum wage easily qualifies you for food stamps."
Facebook posts : Quotes Gov. Gretchen Whitmer as saying, “Now is not the time to live by the Constitution, it’s time to put that damn thing in a shredder.”
Mark S. Zaccaria : Says James Langevin voted to spend "$3 billion for a jet engine no one wants."
Bill O'Reilly : "In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police."
Steve Troxler : The Black River’s water quality is "rated at the very top in North Carolina."
Mitt Romney : "Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''
Viral image : Photo shows “‘kids in cages’ taken in 2014 under the Obama admin.”
Viral image : Says Ben Shapiro tweeted, “The USPS is not only a bloated and outdate government agency, it is also ineffective and incompetent. It’s been 2 months since my wife went on a Hawaii vacation with her personal trainer; she said she would send me postcards every day and so far none of them have arrived.”
Bob McDonnell : "It’s been 4 and a half years since the United States Senate passed a budget."
Brian Treece : Columbia, Mo., is "one of the fastest growing cities in the region, the only city in the state to grow jobs faster than the nation as a whole."
Facebook posts : Says Rep. Pramila Jayapal was not wearing a mask in Congress during the U.S. Capitol mob.
Viral image : Says a photo taken in England shows "thousands of English Trump supporters" celebrating the president’s visit.
Mary Olson : Says "there is a plan formulated by Chair (Lynn) Peterson and the cities in Clackamas County to further increase this fee in three years and split it up on projects between the county and cities."
TikTok posts : Says Joe Biden and Kamala Harris distrusted COVID-19 vaccines.
Tweets : Say televangelist Pat Robertson said some young people “are doing all kinds of unnatural things with their sex organs. When people do that, they transfer all kinds of chemicals from ladies’ private parts and that’s where I think the (corona)virus came from.”
Rick Scott : "In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage it’s $1,500 a year."
Bill Nelson : "The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud."
Viral image : Photos show Portland, Ore., after protests.
Barack Obama : "Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined."
Scott Walker : The woman named Wisconsin’s 2010 "outstanding teacher of the year" was laid off by the Milwaukee Public Schools that year under "seniority and tenure rules" that were eliminated by his Act 10 changes.
Stephen Hayes : "We've caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal."
American Crossroads : "Recent data showed Nevada ranks 50th in the money received from" the stimulus bill.
Donald Trump : "We have a fire marshal that said, 'Oh we can't allow more people’ ...  And the reason they won't let them in is because they don't know what the hell they're doing."
Rob Portman : "In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering."
Florida Democratic Party : A study ranked Florida "No. 1 in government corruption" under Gov. Rick Scott.
Julián Castro : Says under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation.
Ron Paul : "Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case."
Paul Manafort : "The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders," and the Clinton campaign is continuing this "ploy" against Donald Trump.
Jon Stewart : Congress "is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus" but in 2008 and 2012 "explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure."
John Cornyn : Texas "spent close to a third of its budget on Medicaid last year, a third of all state spending."
Phil Gingrey : Under last year’s health care reform, "a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy."
Wendy Davis : Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
David Scott : Under President Barack Obama’s jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers.
Joe Biden : After the American Rescue Plan’s food and nutrition assistance, “hunger is already sharply down in the United States.”
Seamless Florida : "When Rick Baker heard (racist remarks from another mayoral candidate), he went after Congemi. Rick Kriseman he just looked away. Tolerating bigotry in silence is no virtue; taking it on is."
The Associated Press : Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are "legal refugees" could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
Brendan Doherty : "The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan."
Barack Obama : "My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's."
NextGen Climate Action Committee : Rick Scott took $200,000 from a family that leased land for drilling "and now he is trying to hide from it."
Facebook posts : The government must have planned the coronavirus pandemic because the coronavirus relief bill had been introduced three years earlier.
Chris Christie : "The water quality in the ocean is perfect. It’s been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey."
Marco Rubio : "The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government."
Jim Taricani : "No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous."
Donald Trump : Says James Clapper "and virtually everyone else" said "there is no collusion" in the Russia investigation findings.
Barack Obama : "I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way."
Tim Ryan : "There is $50 billion a year wasted in the Medicare program."
Nancy Pelosi : "In the first year of the Obama administration, more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the Bush administration."
Donald Trump : Says his impeachment is a "coup."
Andy Gronik : "I’ve lived" in Milwaukee "all 61 years of my life."
Eva Galambos : "Not a single segment of the proposed Beltline intersects the MARTA system at MARTA stations."
Matt Lundy : "There is nothing in the current state public records law that prohibits sensitive or confidential business information from being just that, confidential."
Barack Obama : "We are making the largest investment in education in our nation’s history."
Republican Party of Georgia : "Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing" when they were the majority.
John Flanagan : "The Senate Democrats have not provided one tax cut."
Viral image : A photo shows women who “gathered to scream at Trump through their vaginas.”
defense-usa.site : "Breaking: Sasha Obama just crashed her expensive new car into a lake."
Sarah Palin : "Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city" of Washington D.C.
Dan Gelber : "Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes."
Michael Reagan : Says Ronald Reagan "got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil."
National Rifle Association : Bill Nelson voted to confirm Sonia Sotomayor, "who signed a Supreme Court opinion saying Americans do not have an individual right to own firearms."
Donald Trump : "Iraq has the second-largest oilfields in the world (behind) Saudi Arabia."
Ward Armstrong : "The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan."
Lon Burnam : Says rejecting federal aid to expand Medicaid in Texas will "send $9 billion in federal taxes paid by Texans to other states to insure their working poor."
Bloggers : Says Detroit-area law enforcement is searching for a 'vigilante' serial killer after three pedophiles were killed in one week
Bloggers : Says several well-known charities such as Goodwill and American Red Cross overpay their CEOs and spend a small percentage on helping people.
Sarah Palin : Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased "72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year."
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack initially said he would have voted "yes" for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, "you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes."
Facebook posts : Joe Diffie’s death was labeled “as a COVID-19 death and it wasn’t!”
Barack Obama : The Affordable Care Act is "a major reason why we’ve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals."
J.D. Scholten : “By 2040, 70% of the population is expected to live in just 15 states.”
Donald Trump : Says his supporters were “protecting” Joe Biden’s campaign bus in Texas.
Maxine Waters : "I have not called for impeachment" of President Donald Trump.
Rand Paul : "George W. Bush doubled the debt from $5 trillion to $10 trillion. President Obama doubled the debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. Now we're on course to exceed $30 trillion in the next seven years or so."
YouTube videos : “The coronavirus was invented and patented in the USA and then planted in China.”
Larry Kudlow : "Even the CBO numbers show now that the entire $1.5 trillion tax cut is virtually paid for by higher revenues and better nominal GDP."
Mike Huckabee : The Supreme Court "can’t overrule the other two" branches of government.
Newt Gingrich : Says IBM leader told Obama that using IBM technology to cut fraud could "pay for" health care reform.
Matt Bevin : "Many" of the founding fathers were "very actively involved" in cockfighting.
Michael Caputo : “Does the #DemConvention know @NYGovCuomo forced nursing homes across NY to take in COVID positive patients and planted the seeds of infection that killed thousands of grandmothers and grandfathers?”
Rick Scott : "Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off."
Barack Obama : Stimulus tax cuts "began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago."
Karen Bass : Says Donald Trump promised "the mass deportation of Latino families."
Roy Zimmerman : "Republicans control the U.S. Senate with 54 seats, but those 54 senators were elected by only two-thirds the number of voters who elected the Democrats. In the Senate, the majority party represents a minority of the people."
Rick Perry : A study says Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law by Mitt Romney.
Mitt Romney : "As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel."
Barry Hinckley : "More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada."
Viral image : A photo shows Barack Obama in front of “cages” built during his administration to hold migrants.
Donald Trump : Says the Steele dossier "was responsible for starting" Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Marco Rubio : “Face masks being manufactured in China, for example, went to domestic consumption and their own fight against the virus” while the U.S. was “largely unable to import supplies from China.”
Viral image : Says Donald Trump said, "Make no mistake: They’re not after me. They are after you; your guns, your Christian values, your freedom. I’m just in their way."
Bryce Reeves : "If you’re a single mom, and you’ve two kids in the city of Richmond, you can almost make $50,000 a year on the public dole."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Nick Freitas “supports a plan letting insurance companies deny coverage for preexisting conditions like asthma or diabetes.”
Barack Obama : "In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each."
Pete Buttigieg : "The president had to confess in writing, in court to illegally diverting charitable contributions that were supposed to go to veterans."
Turning Point USA : Says Michelle Obama "had a staff of 23" while Melania Trump "has a staff of 4."
Senate Leadership Fund : Says Tennessee Senate candidate Phil Bredesen "supports single-payer health care."
Tom Barrett : Using a surcharge on the cigarette tax to help pay for a new downtown sports arena "is not feasible under state law."
Harry Reid : "In the last two years, we have reduced the deficit by $2.5 trillion."
Garry McCarthy : "There was almost a 70 percent reduction in police-related shootings under my tenure because of training, supervision and policy decisions."
Tom Bossert : The mobilization of the military in response to the storms in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands "is the largest ever mobilization of our military in a naval and marine operation" and an Air Force carrier there "was the first-ever as well."
Donald Trump Jr. : The number of coronavirus deaths is “almost nothing.”
Conservative Beaver : Says Pope Francis “was arrested Saturday in connection with an 80-count indictment of charges including possession of child pornography, human trafficking, incest, possession of drug paraphernalia and felony fraud.”
Facebook posts : In 1986, the founder of the Times Square Church prophesied that he saw “a plague coming on the world and the bars and church and government will shut down,” with New York City especially hard hit.
John Cornyn : Says Royce West stood with Wendy Davis "to support painful late-term abortions."
Facebook posts : “Miami-Dade reporting 23% of early ballots being rejected for missing signatures.”
GOP Daily Brief : “Supreme Court Shakes Up 2020 Election, Assigns Conservatives To Swing State Circuit Courts.”
Viral image : A photograph shows Joe Biden engaging in disturbing behavior with a boy.
Dana Young : Says she "voted for a statewide fracking ban."
Matthew Rothschild : The NRA is "one of the biggest lobbyists here in the capital. They spend a ton of money during elections. …  they spent more than a million dollars here in Wisconsin on the 2018 elections. Most of that was for Walker, or more specifically against Evers."
TheLastLineOfDefense.org : "Second Roy Moore Accuser Works For Michelle Obama Right NOW"
Rick Perry : Says he did not support the October 2008 legislation to rescue Wall Street firms.
Jay Leno : "Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
Dinesh D'Souza : Kamala Harris “has not formally taken questions from the press a single time” since she was announced as Joe Biden’s vice presidential pick.
Steve Israel : Says the Dickey Amendment "prevents the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention from even researching the relationship between gun violence and public health. ... The government can’t study gun violence but is spending $400,000 analyzing the effects of Swedish massages on rabbits."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
James Gallagher : “Government imposed lockdowns do NOT reduce [COVID-19] cases or stop spikes.”
Donald Trump : "We hadn’t had a (car) plant built in years — in decades, actually. And now we have many plants being built all throughout the United States."
Melissa Melendez : “There is no science or data to suggest that kids are at risk from COVID.”
Viral image : "Donald Trump has been in public eye for over 30 years and he was never once accused of being racist by anyone until he decided to run against the Democrats."
Bloggers : "BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump On His Way To Donate Kidney To Melania Trump."
Michele Bachmann : "The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs."
Sheldon Whitehouse : In a poll, "53 percent of young Republican voters . . . under age 35 said that they would describe a climate [change] denier as 'ignorant,' 'out of touch' or 'crazy.'"
Donald Trump : Says professional football coach Rex Ryan "won championships in New York. The AFC, I think, twice."
Paul Ryan : "We got to a point that our Air Force pilots were going to museums to find spare parts over the last eight years" under Barack Obama.
Chris Christie : "New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think that’s good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition."
Donald Trump : Public support for abortion "is actually going down a little bit," polls show.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "We know dangerous criminals can slip through immigration at airports just like ours. Yet Joe Donnelly stood right here with the radical left against all efforts to secure our most vulnerable entry points."
Reince Priebus : "Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours."
Barack Obama : "We've created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office."
Viral image : Photos related to gun violence in present-day United States and the Holocaust in Nazi Germany suggest that gun control laws created or exacerbated the genocide of Jews.
Donald Trump : "The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over."
Alan Grayson : "Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in."
Facebook posts : “Airlines begin to ban vaccinated people after Pilots die due to vaccine”
Kevin Brady : Says the Associated Press was wrong to report that "Income Inequality grew to largest in 50 years" because in a "new Census report all four measures of income inequality SHRUNK, reversing rise over past five decades."
Chris Abele : Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
Facebook posts : Says Ivanka Trump was targeted in the Florida condominium building collapse.
Donald Trump : "We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year."
Jay Carney : "Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? … More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old."
Steny Hoyer : There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund : The Obama administration "leaked information, deliberately or otherwise, that led to the identification of the Pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin Laden."
Elizabeth Warren : "Back when I was studying it, two out of three families that ended up in bankruptcy after a serious medical problem had health insurance."
Ken Plum : Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is paying just 41 percent.
Bloggers : Says "Snoop Dogg arrested for conspiracy after talking about his ‘murder Trump’ video."
Scott Walker : Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office "cost tens of millions of dollars to run."
Ross Douthat : Under Hosni Mubarak's rule, "Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel."
Facebook posts : Quotes Rep. Kevin McCarthy as saying "there are no mass shootings in Japan because there are no video games there."
Stephen Ucci : "A [bank] surveillance camera capturing a criminal’s face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and serve as a deterrent to robbers."
Wendy Davis : Says Texas is "dead last in support for mental health."
Bloggers : "NASA prepping 17-year-old Alyssa Carson to become first human on Mars."
Justin Trudeau : Young women, "account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa."
Chris Christie : Says New Jersey’s tenure law "has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure."
Viral media reports : Emory University students were provided counseling after someone wrote "Trump 2016" in chalk on campus.
Friends of Plum Beach Lighthouse : "Voted the ‘best specialty plate in America’"
Joshua Miller : "In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the state’s total medical spending."
Donald Trump Jr. : "Marquette University threatened to rescind student’s admission over pro-Trump TikTok video."
Sherrod Brown : "There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs."
Rachel Maddow : "From 1980 to 1990, the top 1 percent saw their income go up by roughly 80 percent" while "the median wage in the country over (the same) 10 years went up 3 percent."
Facebook posts : “First time in 70 years the National Day Of Prayer was not observed in our nation’s capital!”
Bloggers : NASA Has Just Confirmed Earth Has A New Moon
John Birch Society : Under a Wisconsin bill, "minor offenses such as violating pet leash laws, seat belt laws, parking infractions, etc., would now be arrestable offenses."
Bloggers : "FOX Network Picks Up ‘Roseanne,’ Saying It Has No Problem With Occasional Racism"
teaparty.org : "Pelosi sinks to new low, tells Dems: if you have to lie to voters to win, do it."
Matt Caldwell : There is no "incontrovertible proof that speed, in and of itself, is the contributing factor to increasing (vehicular) fatalities."
Colorado's Voice : Says "Mike Coffman is with Trump."
Facebook posts : “Donald J. Trump’s signature is on the new stimulus checks.”
Bloggers : "First NFL team declares bankruptcy over kneeling thugs."
Frederica Wilson : The U.S. House rule barring members from wearing hats while in session dates back to the 1800s and can be waived by the speaker.
Donald Trump : The media has "a lower approval rate than Congress."
Ron Johnson : Says Tony Evers and Mandela Barnes “have participated in rallies that have done more to incite than calm the situation” in Kenosha
Bernie Sanders : The Koch Brothers are "spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties" in the 2016 elections.
Chris Hayes : "Higher education is one of America's strongest export sectors. Over 1 million international students studied at American universities, (in the) 2018-19 school year. They contributed over $40 billion to the economy.”
JoAnne Kloppenburg : "There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state."
Kamala Harris : Says Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez "has passed one bill in her 20 years in Congress, and that was to rename a post office."
Donald Trump : "When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesn’t exist, folks."
Sherrod Brown : "Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP."
Kelda Helen Roys : "Under Trump’s new tax plan … 99.8% of Americans" get "not one nickel" in tax cuts.
E.W. Jackson : "In 1960, most black children were raised in two-parent, monogamous families." Today "we have only 20 percent of black children being raised in two-parent, monogamous families..."
Ash Williams : "The (State Board of Administration) transparency issue got a great airing the last legislative session."
Ben Carson : "Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget, where we had no national debt."
Bloggers : "A New York man has allegedly infected 240 people with the HIV virus by sleeping with men and women."
JoEllen Smith : Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
Tim Lee : Candidate Bill Byrne used campaign funds for work on his "personal car."
Paul Krugman : Says "there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison."
John McCain : "The average South Korean is 3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag."
Bob Gibbs : "In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal."
Paul Sadler : Says there are four super PACs on the Republican side of the Texas U.S. Senate race.
Barack Obama : "I think we came down here (to Florida) one time ... but we weren't actively fundraising here."
Facebook posts : Says Kamala Harris said, “If elected & you don’t surrender your guns, I will sign an executive order & the police will show up at your door.”
Gilberto Hinojosa : "Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat."
Facebook posts : Says Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte said, “We have lost control, we have killed the epidemic physically and mentally. Can’t understand what more we can do, all solutions are exhausted on ground. Our only hope remains up in the Sky, God rescue your people.”
Kid Rock : "I’ve got 15 days from my announcement to file paperwork with the FEC!"
Mark Obenshain : "There are 4.7 percent of Virginians who are minimum wage earners who are over 25 years of age working full-time and trying to raise a family."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Rep. Carol Shea-Porter "votes with Nancy Pelosi’s Democrats 95 percent of the time," but Frank Guinta "will take on both parties" and has "independent New Hampshire values."
Mitch McConnell : "The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated."
Francis Kung'u : "For now, we are still below average in the metro region."
Michael Moore : Says during George W. Bush’s administration "we were losing millions of jobs per month," while under Barack Obama we have "three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month."
Kathleen Ford : "Private prison systems are calculating how many new beds (they will need) based on the ... number of third graders."
Joe Biden : "If Trump gets his way, Social Security benefits will run out in just three years from now.”
The Patriot Report : "82-year-old who killed a Muslim in self-defense gets the death penalty."
Leaders for a Better Community : Says Deputy Comptroller Aycha Sawa "blocked an audit" of the Milwaukee lead program for three years that "put our children in danger" and spurred a criminal investigation.
John Fleming : Says Barack Obama is a "hypocrite" for criticizing President George W. Bush’s "drone attack program," then using it aggressively as president.
Hillary Clinton : "African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids."
Jeb Bush : "We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years."
Facebook posts : The CDC recommends that only people with COVID-19 symptoms should wear masks.
Claudia Tenney : On the Republican tax plan: "Unfortunately, the wealthy are, again, not going to do well in this bill"
Donald Trump : Speaking of the federal debt before the coronavirus pandemic, “we were starting to get that number down.”
Tom Barrett : Figures cited by Gov. Scott Walker "are not commonly used" to measure job creation.
Pat Kreitlow : Says GOP U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy of Wisconsin "voted twice to end Medicare."
Facebook posts : “No other country” is having a “second wave” of COVID-19 “because they are not trying to unseat a President in November.”
Mary Mannix : "Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss."
Marco Rubio : Says Ted Cruz supports "legalizing people who are in this country illegally."
Hillary Clinton : "You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the '80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now."
Viral image : Says Ronald Reagan said, "Nancy Pelosi is extremely evil."
Donald Trump : "Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!"
Paul Doughty : "@Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours."
C.W. Bill Young : Says he "opposed $716 billion cut to Medicare."
Michael Schirling : "We invite SNL viewers to Vermont to see all that we have to offer, including our increasingly diverse communities... The leaves are changing and so is Vermont."
Eric Cantor : In the past two years, Democrats have "spent more money than this country has spent in the last 200 years combined."
Presente.org : Rep. Adam Putnam was silent when Rush Limbaugh called Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
Tom Price : The Obama administration said "they were going to be able to drive folks away from one of the most expensive areas for the provision of health care, and that is the emergency rooms. In fact, they did just the opposite."
Donald Trump : "I never said" that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
Heidi Group : "Following the 2009 session," Texas House Speaker Joe Straus "was acknowledged and ‘thanked’ for his ‘tireless efforts’ by Planned Parenthood, the nation’s premier abortion provider."
John Boehner : The Democrat-backed health care reform plan "will require (Americans) to subsidize abortion with their hard-earned tax dollars."
Bernie Sanders : "You've got millions of families paying 40, 50, 60% of their limited incomes to put a roof over their heads."
The Other 98% : "McDonald’s workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year."
Glenn Beck : Says Hillary Clinton "makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year."
Bernie Sanders : Says Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh’s opinion that a president "may decline to enforce a statute . . . when the president deems the statute unconstitutional" is "contrary to 200 years of Supreme Court precedent."
Vladimir Putin : "The Russian state has never interfered ... into internal American affairs including election process."
Donald Trump : "The stock market has hit record numbers, as you know. And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world."
Ryan Fournier : “All money donated to Black Lives Matter goes directly to Act Blue, a Democrat Super PAC that then feeds the money to Democrat candidates.”
Glenn Beck : Says Michelle Obama has 43 people on her staff; Nancy Reagan had just 3.
Ted Budd : Kathy Manning got "$30 million of your tax dollars plus $2.3 million a year" to build a luxury hotel and parking lot
Maryellen O'Shaughnessy : "It's factually correct to say" that Jennifer Brunner inherited at least 18 lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of Ken Blackwell’s "mismanagement of the 2004 election."
Bloggers : Say George Soros's money "went straight into the (Women’s March) protesters’ pockets."
Bill White : Says Gov. Rick Perry has never held a private-sector job.
Giffords : "Paul Ryan has blocked all action to strengthen our gun laws."
Sheila Bynum-Coleman : "African Americans are three to four times more likely to be arrested for drug crimes, and nine times more likely to be imprisoned."
Facebook posts : Photo shows “some of the firefighters in California fighting fires 24/7 to save people's lives and property.”
Facebook posts : Says a quote defending President Donald Trump can be attributed to Clint Eastwood.
Bishop Thomas Tobin : "Abortions account for 94 percent of the services provided for pregnant women by Planned Parenthood."
The Creative Resistance : "IDC members also get tons of campaign money from real estate, charter school, and health care lobbyists, some of whom are Republicans with connections to Trump"
Michael Thurmond : Michael Thurmond "authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgia’s senior citizens and working families."
Kelly Loeffler : Says Raphael Warnock “celebrated Fidel Castro and welcomed him to his church.”
John Boehner : "President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone."
Mary Elizabeth Coleman : A girl’s "life expectancy is seven years after entering into prostitution."
Seth Moulton : "The VA negotiates prescription drug prices. Medicare doesn't do that."
Americans for Prosperity : Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, "yet he reversed himself and voted to delay" the employer mandate and the individual mandate.
Rachel Maddow : "Rand Paul’s speech ... on 'Gattaca' was totally ripped off of Wikipedia."
Facebook posts : Says Kate Spade worked with the Clintons and suggests they were involved in her death.
Robert Menendez : Says "10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed."
Becky Moeller : Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
Facebook posts : Images show COVID-19 victims being buried in mass graves in New York City.
Matt Rinker : "Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise."
Donald Trump : Says American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has "an 80 percent approval rating."
Hillary Clinton : "Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts."
Joe Scarborough : Says Hillary Clinton "sent a memo" to all State Department staff that said "you should not do State Department business on personal email."
Michael Chippendale : "Hydrogen sulfide . . . [was] used in the genocide of Jews in Germany. "
Bloggers : An MSNBC reporter was fired for using a racial slur while covering the Kobe Bryant helicopter crash.
National Rifle Association : "March For Our Lives is backed by radicals with a history of violent threats, language and actions."
John McCain : If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices.
Facebook posts : “So Oscar Health, the company tapped by Trump to profit from covid tests, is a Kushner company. Imagine that, profits over national safety.”
Occupational Knowledge International : Says Sherwin-Williams is "making lead paint and poisoning people around the world."
Mitch McConnell : To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldn’t have spent $1 trillion."
Gavin Newsom : "Only Duterte’s Philippines and Trump’s United States of America have money bail."
Chain email : On Tim Kaine: "In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission."
Donald Trump : "The reason Russia was in Afghanistan was because terrorists were going into Russia."
Viral image : Says video shows “the Chinese are destroying the 5G poles as they are aware that it is the thing triggering the corona symptoms.”
Glenn Grothman : Says the U.S. House’s COVID-19 relief bill, advanced by Democrats, “strips states of their right to administer elections.”
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden "blackmailed Ukraine with a billion in tax dollars to drop an investigation into his son and Democrats want to impeach President Trump for simply asking if it was true?"
Jennifer Shilling : The 2011-13 state budget "cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion"
Donald Trump : “New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition. Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess. They have no idea what is going on. Rigged Election.”
Karl Rove : "The amount of attention paid this week to Chris Christie makes the coverage of Benghazi ... pale in significance."
Will Hurd : Says Democratic challenger Gina Ortiz Jones has raised "more money from Massachusetts than" from Texas.
Michael van der Veen : After the Capitol insurrection, “one of the first people arrested was a leader of antifa."
Veronica Escobar : "We began seeing the increase in unaccompanied minors going back to last April 2020. This is not something that happened as a result of Joe Biden becoming president.”
Marcy Kaptur : "Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?"
Pro-Life Wisconsin : In Wisconsin, "6.2 percent of the population is black yet 24 percent of all state abortions are on African-Americans."
Cenk Uygur : Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate.
Conservative Daily Post : "Trump declares globalist Soros as ‘national security threat’ using Obama’s 2014 executive order."
Scott Walker : The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has "2.8 students per faculty" member, "tied for second-lowest in its history since 1994."
Matt Gaetz : "In the states that allow open carry, violent crime was 23 percent lower."
Jason Carter : "We (Georgia) collect fewer state taxes per capita than any other state … although state taxes are low, Georgia is the eighth-most-dependent state on the federal government."
Jim Webb : "The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world."
Secure America Now : "For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology."
Franklin Sands : "Florida still averages more students in its classrooms than any other state in the Southeast."
Georgia Department of Transportation : "Demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in Wisconsin."
Impact America Action : As governor, Maggie Hassan first proposed a $1 billion spending increase.
USA Daily Portal : "Julia Roberts claims ‘Michelle Obama isn’t fit to clean Melania’s toilet’ "
Charlie Sykes : Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
Tammy Duckworth : Says President Trump’s administration has "actually worsened our nation’s homelessness crisis" by cutting affordable housing programs, allowing shelters to refuse people based on gender identity or sexual orientation, evicting immigrant families of mixed legal status from subsidized housing and raising rent.
Viral image : Says Bernie Sanders once said, "Instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed, modern society gives them antidepressant drugs."
Scott Walker : The gender gap in his support is "not unique to me" and "there’s not a huge gap from where Republicans have been in presidential, gubernatorial and US Senate elections" in recent years.
Rick Saccone : "Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half."
Tom Petri : Says President Barack Obama’s debt commission recommended converting Medicare "to a system where Medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market."
Chain email : "2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015."
Donald Trump : "Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble."
Vladimir Putin : In Russia "all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation," while "70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality."
Carly Fiorina : "92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obama’s first term belonged to women."
Jim Doyle : Wisconsin’s projected state budget shortfall is now as low as $1.5 billion
Donald Trump : "101 utilities cut rates, credit GOP tax cuts."
Sarah Palin : Says Donald Trump's conversion to pro-life beliefs are akin to Justin Bieber's, who said in the past that abortion "was no big deal to him."
Dwight Jones : The Redskins Training Camp deal "generated $40 million in new private investment in the city."
Ted Cruz : Says Beto O’Rourke is "open to abolishing ICE."
Viral image : In New York, "it is now perfectly legal to murder" a baby a minute before it would be born.
Kevin Graham : Says the U.S. Department of Justice has "seen in the past" that police department "consent decrees don’t work, that there’s very little change, that oftentimes immediately after a consent decree goes into effect, crime actually goes up."
Viral image : Video shows someone wearing an Anthony Fauci mask.
Jerry Patterson : Says Barack Obama didn't keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
Gwen Moore : Says Dontre Hamilton "was shot 14 times by police for resting on a park bench in Milwaukee."
John Cornyn : Says veterans’ disability claims backlog doubled in Obama’s first term.
Marcy Kaptur : "Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital."
Lawrence O'Donnell : "The president and vice president can't be from the same state."
Dale Kooyenga : Wisconsin has "the number one health care system in the country. Everyone in poverty now has health care"
Christine O'Donnell : Chris Coons has "Marxist beliefs."
JB Pritzker : Says Illinois has made a "nation-leading" investment in funding for Census outreach.
George P. Bush : Says he’s a "retired U.S. Navy officer."
Facebook posts : "Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol."
BreakingNews247.net : Says "Carnival Cruise Lines will now offer free cruises" to hurricane victims.
Jeb Bush : "Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world."
Bloggers : Says Christine Blasey Ford and her lawyer were photographed with George Soros, Hillary Clinton.
Jeremy Kapstein : The lieutenant governor has the power to be an "economic ambassador" and "negotiate" on economic development
Richard Hudson : "Illegal border crossings are up 173% from 1 year ago and 28% since January when President Biden stopped the wall & deportations and started catch & release."
Blanche Lincoln : John Boozman supports "privatizing Social Security"
Barack Obama : Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
Marco Rubio : "Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas."
Chris Sgro : "There have not been any public safety issues" in cities that allow transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify as.
Michael Bennet : Says that Republican Darryl Glenn has described Democrats as "evil" and has said he's "tired of hearing about Republicans reaching across the aisle."
Keith Olbermann : "Yes, this would be the same congressman (Rep. Pete Hoekstra) who last year Tweeted the whereabouts of a top-secret mission to Iraq."
Steve Munisteri : Says the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "It's four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed" under the Affordable Care Act.
Tammy Baldwin : "I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies."
The Gateway Pundit : Says Joe Biden called for a jihad in a video.
Tim Pawlenty : "For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it."
Matthew Rothschild : U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is "18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : Says the Congressional Budget Office said "unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013"
John McCain : A mortgage buyback plan is "my proposal, it's not Sen. Obama's proposal, it's not President Bush's proposal."
Only Politics : "Malia Obama suspended after racist anti-white attack goes viral."
National Rifle Association : Says Tom Barrett "voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles."
Facebook posts : “Video showed police thank (Kyle Rittenhouse) & give him water prior to the killings”
Andrew Cuomo : "We passed the toughest gun control law in the United States of America, the SAFE Act."
Kamala Harris : "In 99 percent of counties in America, someone making the minimum wage working full time can’t afford a 1-bedroom apartment."
Paul Krugman : "The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks."
Bryce Reeves : Gov. Terry McAuliffe "has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration."
Andrew Gillum : Says Tallahassee "is experiencing a five-year low in our crime rate."
Donald Trump : "Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race."
Ainsley Earhardt : "5.7 million -- that’s how many illegal immigrants might have voted" in 2008.
George LeMieux : "If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half."
State Farm Insurance : Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
Tammy Baldwin : "President Trump continues to disrespect patriotic transgender Americans who want to serve their country."
states-news.com : "Miss Universe Guyana 2017 arrested at London Heathrow airport with 2 kilograms of cocaine."
Sri Preston Kulkarni : Says Troy Nehls “called wearing masks 'un-American' and called those who do 'communists.'"
Mitt Romney : Says a poll found him the only Republican candidate who could beat Barack Obama in Texas -- and by eight points.
Bill McCollum : "There's no negative advertising in my campaign at all."
Dan McCready : Says "Dan Bishop doubles down on removing coverage for people with pre-existing conditions. Under his sham ‘association health plans,’ insurance companies don't have to pay for medications for pre-existing conditions."
Kathleen Peters : Says David Jolly lobbied "for government-run health care just last year."
Cal Cunningham : Says Sen. Thom Tillis voted to "take away" coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.
Charlie Kirk : Says "EIGHT Iowa counties have more adults registered to vote than voting-aged adults living there.”
Facebook posts : “80% of women who have been jabbed have lost their children in the first trimester.”
Cecile Richards : Barack Obama "ended up getting re-elected by the largest gender gap in the history of American elections."
Bloggers : Trump supporters are heading to the border as the migrant caravan approaches.
Arianna Huffington : A poll found that "20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex."
Campaign for Liberty - Georgia : Says U.S. Rep. Tom Price is sending letters both supporting and opposing the "small-business killing Internet Tax Mandate."
Viral image : The mother of a missing boy in Nebraska confessed to killing him.
Jim Huffman : Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million "to study exotic ants."
Barack Obama : We've "lifted high school graduation rates to new highs."
Americans for Prosperity: Florida : Recent solar energy policies in Georgia "have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable."
Paul Ryan : "The poverty rates in America today aren’t much better than when we started the War on Poverty."
Thomas Perez : "The primary financing mechanism of the Affordable Care Act is a tax on wealthy people."
Spike the Romney Attack Dog : "Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!"
Tom Barrett : Among the nation’s 51 largest metropolitan areas, Milwaukee is the "only one" where the poverty rate is more than "four times greater in the city than it is in the suburbs."
Newt Gingrich : "When I was speaker, we had four consecutive balanced budgets."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says Republican U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy "voted against paying our soldiers" and "against increasing combat pay" while voting "to protect his own pay."
Rand Paul : In Tripoli, "jihadists today swim in our embassy pool."
Rick Scott : Florida "remains the top travel destination across the world."
Portland Association of Teachers : Says administrator salaries were increased, "but other school employees were left behind."
Bloggers : "JUST IN: Actor ‘Vin Deisel’ dies after a Failed Attempt to Perfect a Stunt on set." ​
Lori Lightfoot : Cook County’s criminal courts “have been shut down for 15 months.”
Steve Lonegan : "Violent crime is up since the last year of Sharpe James’ administration. This year it’s higher. … The unemployment rate is almost 15 percent. The high school dropout rate is over 50 percent."
Facebook posts : "President Trump’s wall costs less than the ObamaCare website."
Greg Abbott : Wendy Davis is "threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion."
Dave Syverson : Says a proposed change to Illinois’ gambling law would result in "lower taxes paid to the state and higher taxes paid" to Chicago from a city casino so that the total amount would be the same, but the city would get to "keep more of it."
George Allen : President Obama's health care law is "a government takeover of healthcare."
Ted Cruz : Says Trump “didn’t campaign on cutting the debt” … “That’s not what he promised to do.”
Facebook posts : Video shows trashed ballots for Donald Trump.
Michael Moore : During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, "wages for working people remained frozen."
Adam Putnam : "All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You don't save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus."
Facebook posts : Says Ted Cruz said: "While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggar’s transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other."
Joy Pullmann : Scott Walker "couldn’t get his own party" to back more than a 500-student increase in Milwaukee’s school choice program, but in Indiana, "Mitch Daniels’ voucher program is approaching 30,000 students two years after opening."
Josh Hawley : Says "Claire McCaskill voted for 100 percent of President Obama’s judicial nominees."
Facebook posts : Says an image depicts Hurricane Dorian over the Bahamas.
Facebook posts : “Entire port in Delaware on lockdown? 60 plus kids in shipping containers.”
Viral image : A photo of a deer standing near a burned down residence is from the Australia wildfires.
Organizers for Bernie 2020 : Says Democrats "blocked the Iowa poll" and "blocked the Iowa caucus."
Facebook posts : PepsiCo announced Mountain Dew will be discontinued over health concerns.
Frank White : "Ashley Moody was a lifelong Democrat." ​
Paul Begala : Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryan’s tax plan, "I’d have paid no taxes in the last two years."
Donald Trump : "The Obama administration was begging for a meeting" with Kim Jong Un.
Associated Industries of Florida : "Large parts of Florida" have experienced "years of below average rainfall."
Chain email : Says a Barack Obama "black imposter" joke got a standing ovation at San Angelo rodeo.
Bloggers : “The government has released their initial plans to force a vaccine on everyone.”
Chris Jones : Says he "led the fight to expand Medicaid."
Gus Bilirakis : It is "the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts."
Eric Swalwell : In 2017, the first piece of legislation that Republicans passed "made it easier for the mentally ill to purchase guns."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "wants to have open borders."
Joni Ernst : "Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent."
Marco Rubio : To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have "to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle."
Donald Trump : Says troops recently received "one of the biggest pay raises" ever, and that it was the first pay increase in "more than 10 years."
Scott Walker : "From 2010-2014, median household income" in Wisconsin "has actually gone up 7.4 percent."
Richard Pan : California’s Capitol building is "second only to Disneyland," among visitor sites in the state.
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development : "On a single night in January 2015, state and local planning agencies in Rhode Island reported the following estimates of homelessness … 107 veterans were homeless."
Dick Cheney : On Syria, "a lot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off."
Steve Brown : A proposed tax to fund transportation projects would spend $90,000 to take a single vehicle off the road during the morning and afternoon commute.
Environmental Justice League of R.I : "In reality, gas produced by fracking is worse for the climate than coal."
Florida Democratic Party : Says Jeb Bush "oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure."
Jody Hice : A forensics examination of a Ware County, Ga., Dominion Voting Systems machine found votes were switched from Donald Trump to Joe Biden.
Florida Democratic Party : Says Rick Scott "cut $700 million from water management."
Tim Echols : There are about 120,000 solar energy jobs in the United States, but only 1,700 of them are in Georgia.
Barack Obama : "The (border) fence is now basically complete."
Jefferson Smith : A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
Dale Kooyenga : "A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government."
Viral image : A common cold can cause a positive COVID-19 test.
Bob Gibbs : "Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo."
Viral image : Says Joe Biden’s campaign told an Iowa library where Jill Biden was holding an event “to remove the American flag as they did not want to say the pledge of allegiance.”
Bloggers : "Hurricane Irma could be a Category 6 by the time it hits East Coast."
Rudy Giuliani : "Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office …"
Hillary Clinton : Says President Donald Trump “is still yet to say anything as the president of the United States about bounties on American troops.”
Kendrick Meek : "A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race."
Chain email : Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
Facebook posts : "USA is #1 in gun violence."
Scott Walker : "Under our (2011-’13) budget, the average (Wisconsin) property taxpayer will save $700."
Facebook posts : "The government will be infiltrating” personal text messages.
Steve Cohen : Says Delta Air Lines has "once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis."
Martin Golden : "Just last year, alone, 710 police officers" were assaulted in New York state.
Texas Department of Transportation : "A DWI costs $17,000."
Ron Johnson : "The average rate of fraud" in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs "is 20 to 25 percent."
Donald Trump : Says fired inspector general Michael Atkinson brought a “terrible, inaccurate whistleblower report” to Congress.
Sarah Palin : "We were promised (the stimulus) would provide 'green jobs' for Americans, but 80% of the $2 billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in China!"
Angela Bean : A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
Jim Whelan : "United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world."
House Republican Conference : Obama nominee Dawn Johnsen "called motherhood 'involuntary servitude.'"
Doctors Without Borders : A World Health Organization report shows "that more people are dying of TB."
Terry McAuliffe : "China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars."
Scott Walker : Wisconsin is called the Badger State because "our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining."
Mike Shields : Says Democrats "have issued more subpoenas than they’ve passed bills."
NowThis : Says CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton.
Marcy Kaptur : "Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually."
Terry McAuliffe : "If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor."
Herman Cain : "More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured."
Sherrod Brown : Richard Cordray’s nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history "that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didn't like the construction of the agency."
Will Kraus : Says Missouri needs a voter I.D. law because "there’s over 16 people in the state of Missouri who have been convicted of some type of voter fraud."
AntiNews.in : "Edward Snowden: Osama bin Laden is still alive living in the Bahamas."
Hillary Clinton : Says of Donald Trump, "He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms."
Steve LaTourette : "Quite frankly, it was during the Bush years of spending, multiplied now by the Obama years that we have this mess."
Bill Clinton : Says the government has "gotten the TARP money back plus a profit."
Florida Democratic Party : Says Rick Scott called education not a "core function" of the state.
Kevin McCarthy : "If you are talking about Canada .. our wine cannot sit on their supermarkets."
Robyn Vining : “People are less likely to just vote for party now. … They’re looking at the personalities.”
Donald Trump : "Biden's plan is a 14% tax hike on middle class families."
Hillary Clinton : Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
Terry Gorman : "Illegal aliens cost the state of Rhode Island $400 million a year."
West Virginia Republican Party : "In 2017, the number of new business registrations in West Virginia grew nearly 11 percent (8,318 new businesses registered for the year). This comes off the heels of a 12 percent increase in new business registrations during 2016."
Donald Trump : Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims "agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad."
Donald Trump : "Last week Joe Biden flashed the ‘white power’ sign. President Trump condemned white supremacists yesterday. Why hasn't Joe Biden?”
Tom McClintock : Refugee "vetting was very haphazard," under the Obama Administration. "In many cases, we simply accepted the word of applicants."
Facebook posts : Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creating posts related in any way to religion.
Gery Chico : "As chairman of the City Colleges, I cut millions in waste and we cut property taxes."
Bobbie Richardson : "The president is cutting the CDC budget by 80%.
Principled PAC : "The same unhinged leftists cheering last week's shooting are all backing Jon Ossoff."
Frank Lautenberg : "Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But that's more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history."
Facebook posts : Says for otherwise healthy people “experiencing mild to moderate respiratory symptoms with or without a COVID-19 diagnosis … only high temperatures kill a virus, so let your fever run high,” but not over 103 or 104 degrees.
Rick Perry : Says he has a track record of not raising taxes.
Theresa Price : "Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures."
Sarah Palin : "Democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in U.S. history."
Joe Biden : “Military COVID infected: 118,984. Military COVID deaths: 6,114.”
Kathleen Angelucci : "It is a fact that it costs more to run the schools in August."
Kathleen Sebelius : "Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state."
Daniel Rodriguez : Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
Jesse Kremer : "The Earth is 6,000 years old, that’s a fact."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says Congressman Jon Runyan does not want to cut taxes for the middle class, but only for millionaires.
Thomas Brown : "Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget."
One Wisconsin Now : Scott Walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions "from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget," but broke it by taking nearly $5.6 million.
Barack Obama : Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
John Boehner : "Some even advocate wiping out 401(k)s entirely and replacing them with government-run accounts."
Facebook posts : Says Chelsea Clinton tweeted, "If Jesus were alive today he'd be working at Planned Parenthood."
Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund : "Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf."
John Carter : "I was the first elected Republican in Williamson County history."
Rob Portman : A bill to cap carbon emissions "could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs."
Jamie Radtke : George Allen "voted for 40,000 earmarks."
Colion Noir : "90% of Americans do not support universal background checks."
Gabrielle Giffords : Polls show that Americans "overwhelmingly" support "expanding background checks."
Hillary Clinton : "So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it."
Instagram posts : Says a report of unvaccinated Florida teachers dying from COVID-19 isn’t real.
Robin Vos : Says "red flag laws" allow gun seizure without a judge’s involvement: "They take it away first. Then you have to get permission from a judge to do it."
Alexander Snitker : "Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media."
Andrea Tantaros : During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, "some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea."
Facebook posts : A flight from Atlanta to Houston was canceled due to a "terrorist dry run."
Hillary Clinton : Says Bernie Sanders "has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "One unnamed donor gave $17 million to the Leo-affiliated Judicial Crisis Network to block the nomination of Judge Merrick Garland and to support Gorsuch; then a donor — perhaps the same one — gave another $17 million to prop up Kavanaugh."
Kevin McCarthy : Says Joe Biden is “going to control how much meat you can eat.”
Donald Trump : "This Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story. It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should've won."
Vicky Hartzler : "We have less Americans working now than in the ’70s."
Viral image : Says William T. Thompson, the designer of the Confederate flag, said, "As a people we are fighting to maintain the Heaven-ordained supremacy of the white man over the inferior or colored race" and "As a national emblem, it is significant of our higher cause, the cause of the superior race."
Donald Trump : Says Barack Obama found out about Russia "in August. Now, the election was in November. That's a lot of time. He did nothing about it."
Viral image : “Guess who is the marketing CEO of Zoom? Pelosi’s daughter/Newsome’s cousin.”
Donald Trump : The Russia investigation "was a coup. This was an attempted overthrow of the United States government."
Vincent "Buddy" Cianci : "Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote" on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
Sarah Palin : "We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense."
Lamar Smith : Mexican government officials "hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country."
Bloggers : Latina who enthusiastically supported Donald Trump on stage in Las Vegas in October 2015 has been deported.
Michael McCaul : "I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008."
Barack Obama : The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
Joe Miller : "If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye."
Marco Rubio : In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, "no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy."
Jorge Ramos : "Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented) immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas."
Saxby Chambliss : The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
Nancy Denuccio : In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
Facebook posts : More poll workers caught filling out ballots in Delaware County Pennsylvania.
Donald Trump : The immigration visa lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of American people."
Connie Mack : Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House.
Ted Cruz : "Blue Cross Blue Shield cancelled all their individual (health care) policies in the state of Texas, effective Dec. 31."
Donald Trump : The Senate seat won in a special election by a Democrat had been "held for more than thirty years by Republicans."
Ted Poe : Says new Medicare billing guidelines "have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys."
America First : Says Beto O’Rourke and Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand "have both said they would tear down the wall if elected president."
Barack Obama : Says Romney would add "trillions" to the deficit while Obama would "cut the deficit by $4 trillion."
Chris Collins : ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson "will have to divest his holdings, that’s a requirement" to serve as Secretary of State.
Facebook posts : Headlines show CNN published contradictory reports about hydroxychloroquine in 2020.
Martina White : "It is shocking to me that Police Commissioner Richard Ross and Mayor Jim Kenney allowed this illegal occupation to go on for hours without taking any action to enforce the law…"
Thurbert Baker : "Our school test scores are right at the bottom."
Barack Obama : "Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts" to create a legal framework on counterterrorism.
YourNewsWire.com : "Broward County Sheriff fired for lying about Parkland."
Facebook posts : Say Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn support Trump by wearing t-shirt
Mike Parson : "We maintain this (Missouri highway) system with one of the lowest levels of funding in the country."
Elizabeth Colbert Busch : In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to men’s earnings.
Facebook posts : Says Oprah Winfrey was wearing an ankle monitor during her Meghan Markle interview.
North Carolina Republican Party : "There aren’t enough ballots in question to change the outcome" of the Harris vs. McCready race in NC Congressional District 9.
Facebook posts : "No one mentions that illegals are free to leave detention centers anytime to go back to Mexico. They aren't our prisoners."
Tom Barrett : "More than 125 jobs have been created" at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
Travis Rowley : "Martin Luther King was a Republican."
Armond Budish : "Kasich’s budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history."
TikTok posts : The contagiousness of the coronavirus delta variant is “valued between 5 and 9½,” and if the value is closer to 10, “within six weeks, the whole country will test positive for delta, regardless of vaccination.”
Firearms Policy Coalition : California’s Proposition 63 would "CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together."
Chad Mayes : California has "the highest poverty rate in the nation" when considering the U.S. Census Bureau’s Supplemental Poverty Measure.
Brian Kemp : The "left" is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgia’s elections.
Leonard Lance : Says Barack Obama "said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened."
Warren Buffett : The "mega-rich" pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class "fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot."
Mike Huckabee : "One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically."
Greg Abbott : "While states used to have regulatory power over fishing, federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep."
Gwen Moore : "More than half of death row prisoners are people of color."
Harry Reid : Planned Parenthood is "the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, that's their health care."
Seth Magaziner : "In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either don't have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and they're still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on."
Ronald Rice : Says in Newark "we’re paying 80 percent of the school budget from local property taxes."
Van Jones : The United Nations has conducted "172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations."
Facebook posts : Prominent Democrats were born in April 1948, "nine months after" a UFO crashed near Roswell, N.M.
Barack Obama : "Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition."
Facebook posts : President Donald Trump will hold his inauguration for a second term at Mar-a-Lago
Donna Howard : Texas has "the nation's highest rate and highest number of uninsured."
Scott Brown : "I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate."
Facebook posts : Says Mark Zuckerberg's real name is Jacob Greenberg and he’s the grandson of billionaire David Rockefeller.
Luke Messer : "By funding the authorization that’s already happened a decade ago (in the Secure Fence Act of 2006), we could start the process of meeting Mr. Trump’s campaign pledge to secure the border."
Shelley Grogan : Judge Jeff Davis "spent years defending a convicted cop killer" and "tried to get him off the hook."
Facebook posts : "Saudi terrorists has killed more Americans on our soil than any other nation. They rent the entire 45th floor of Trump Tower, And pay him in cash."
Ted Strickland : "Josh Mandel used to be pro-choice, now he’s anti-choice. He used to be sympathetic towards gay and lesbians and now he’s [not]."
John Stone : Says he’s "the only licensed firearms dealer in America running for Congress."
Pete Buttigieg : The budget hole in Bernie Sanders’ plans “is bigger than the size of the entire economy of the United States."
Barack Obama : "History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth."
Barack Obama : "The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave."
Ed Schultz : Repeal of Obamacare would "take away health care for 10.3 million Americans" who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013.
Roger Williams : Says the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize "pancakes for yuppies" in Washington.
Charlie Crist : "We worked together to enact ... the largest tax cut in Florida history."
Bloggers : The U.S. Geological Survey increased Yellowstone volcano eruption threat level to "high"
Lynn Jenkins : In the "do-nothing Senate," there are 352 House bills "sitting on Harry Reid’s desk awaiting action," including 55 introduced by Democrats.
Bernie Sanders : "From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction."
Facebook posts : A video clip from the Notre Dame cathedral fire shows a man walking alone in a tower of the church "dressed in Muslim garb."
Mike Tate : Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have "always been made in Wisconsin," but Scott Walker "is outsourcing them" to an out-of-state company and "paying more money for them."
Ann Kirkpatrick : Members of Congress "have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression," meaning they've gone "eight decades without a pay cut."
Instagram posts : Says actor Mike Mitchell died because of a COVID-19 booster shot.
Rick Santorum : Says an Obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at-risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty.
Facebook posts : Says Clint Eastwood called Barack Obama an "incompetent, lying, insincere, narcissistic, double-talking, socialist hypocrite, and fiscally irresponsible moron who spent eight years in the White House trying to … turn our wonderful country into a Muslim loving, socialist sh--hole like the one he came from, and I don’t mean Hawaii!"
Dan Patrick : "Of all the money we spend on education, less than 32 percent goes to teachers."
William Barr : “Putting a national lockdown, stay-at-home orders, is like house arrest. Other than slavery, which was a different kind of restraint, this is the greatest intrusion on civil liberties in American history."
Facebook posts : Says Dominion Voting System flipped votes to Joe Biden in states where Trump is bringing legal challenges.
Donald Trump : Says China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.
Louie Gohmert : Solar panel farms cause “hundreds and thousands” of birds to “hit that magnified sun, explode in flame ... (This) is going to bring the nation down.”
Facebook posts : Former slave Nancy Green, the first Aunt Jemima model, died “as one of America’s first black millionaires.”
Facebook posts : “Wisconsin is the only state where all Republicans voted against protecting its citizens.”
Doreen Costa : "The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money"
Donald Trump : “So this is just a way they’re trying to steal the election, and everybody knows that. Because the only way they’re going to win is by a rigged election.”
Facebook posts : "When you pull up to the gas pump to fill up your car, get your cell phone and search for Bluetooth devices. If a sequence of letters and numbers show up don’t pay at the pump. One of the pumps has a credit card skimmer inside of it. All of these skimmers run on bluetooth."
Hillary Clinton : "Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger."
Social Security Works : "Donald Trump says he will ‘terminate’ Social Security if re-elected."
Rick Scott : "We’ve cut taxes 75 times, cut $7.5 billion worth in taxes, and as a result we’ve added over 1.3 million jobs."
Rudy Giuliani : "And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined."
Andy Gronik : Says Scott Walker "has taken money away from internet expansion in our state."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump scored a 73 on an IQ test administered to him while in high school at New York Military Academy.
Rick Scott : "We have cut taxes more than 40 times in four years."
Terral Smith : Says 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish.
Bloggers : "NASA will pay you $100,000 to stay in bed for 60 days!"
Scott Walker : "The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally."
Facebook posts : “Facebook removed the title of ‘President’ from Donald Trump and designated him as ‘Political Candidate.’”
Viral image : Map shows that wildfires stop at the US.-Canada border.
Hillary Clinton : "In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000" and "in 2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off."
Donald Trump : Many gang members have taken advantage of "glaring loopholes and our laws to enter the country as illegal, unaccompanied, alien minors."
Alex Sink : "Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling."
Donald Trump : "Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) — her misconduct  is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country."
Maram Museitif : Says Arabic "is the third most-common language in Austin."
Jack Reed : "New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas."
Ilhan Omar : "In 2017, the CEO of McDonalds got paid $21.8 million. The median pay for a McDonald's worker that year was $7,000. This is a moral outrage. We need a $15 minimum wage so that no one is paid a poverty wage."
Bernie Sanders : "African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent."
Sean Duffy : "Explosive growth in Medicare" is the reason federal deficit spending is predicted to top $1 trillion again after falling to $600 billion annually.
Facebook posts : “The Biden administration has decided to cancel $0 in student debt.”
Josh Kaul : Says people convicted of felonies or under restraining orders "can buy a firearm without going through a background check."
Tom Hughes : Twenty percent of housing in Portland’s Pearl District is ‘affordable.’
Janet Cruz : "Florida pays our teachers $10,000 a year less than the national average."
defense-usa : "Roy Moore takes the military vote, pulls ahead by 5,000 votes"
Monica Wehby : The U.N. Arms Treaty "infringes upon our right to keep and bear arms."
Carolyn Tomei : Says, "In Oregon in 2010, 49 percent of all pregnancies were unintended."
Terry McAuliffe : During his governorship, Virginia made "the largest investment ever in K-12 education."
Congressional Leadership Fund : Says Kansas U.S. House candidate Paul Davis was caught with a stripper during a drug raid and later voted to "allow strip clubs to open near homes, churches, schools and daycare facilities."
Sally Bethea : "In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program."
Viral image : Says John F. Kennedy said, "What if we go to heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?"
Facebook posts : “Trump administration just FIRED 54 scientists & cut off 77 grants at Fauci's NIH for not disclosing their ties to Communist China!”
Adam Hasner : Crist sent his "top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal," then vetoed the bill.
Georgia Restaurant Association : The wages of about 60,562 state and local government employees would be affected if the minimum wage is increased to $10.10 in Georgia, for a combined cost to taxpayers of more than $164 million annually.
Dennis Kucinich : Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans "appeared on the GAO's list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse."
Kirk Watson : "In Austin, Texas, the average homeowner is paying about $1,300 to $1,400 just for recapture," meaning funds spent in non-Austin school districts.
Bill Nelson : In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, "one of the worst voting records" in Congress.
Facebook posts : ”America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you it’s new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask.”
Michael J. Gardiner : U.S. Rep. Jim Langevin didn't want a border fence to block illegal immigration "because he is afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence."
Vincent Fort : "What concerns me is there is only two sentences that have been written about minority business."
Viral image : Magnet video proves COVID-19 vaccines contain microchips.
John Boehner : "Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers."
Jim Steineke : Wisconsin "was literally broke" when Republicans took office in January 2011.
Michael McCaul : Says the New York bike path assault "was the ninth vehicle assault used by ISIS."
Dan Patrick : Planned Parenthood is "nothing more than a referral service. … They don’t do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies."
Viral image : Gas prices during the Obama-Biden administration were $5.49 a gallon.
Mitt Romney : As governor of Massachusetts, "Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent."
Allen West : "After Patrick Murphy’s charges were dropped, Murphy’s father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation."
John McCain : "Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' "
Holly Benson : "Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud."
Ken Paxton : "At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugal’s."
Facebook posts : “Hydroxychloroquine cures this ‘virus.’ It just so happens this is the treatment used for radiation sickness!!”
Anthony Gemma : Says that as Providence’s mayor, David Cicilline said the city had a "world-class … school system. Not only did Providence not have a world-class school system but as measured, was amongst the last school system in the entire country."
Jeb Bush : Says "Canada has one-tenth of our population—yet it issues far more high-skilled visas (more than 150,000) yearly than we do (65,000)."
Chris Garrett and Bill Kennemer : Say "this biennium, liquor sales account for nearly $1 billion in the state budget."
Bill Clinton : "There's not a single, solitary example that" signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall "had anything to do with the financial crash."
FreedomJunkshun.com : "Supreme Court issues its first bench warrant ever."
Dan Hegeman : "We don’t give bonuses in the state of Missouri on any level of government."
Tom Cotton : Says that "Susan Rice, the president's national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability."
Bernie Sanders : "In 2016, counties hosting a Trump rally saw a 226% spike in hate crimes."
Jeb Bush : "As governor of Florida, I used a combination of strategies to help reduce heroin use among youth in Florida by approximately 50 percent."
Rudy Giuliani : "Under those eight years before (Barack) Obama came along, we didn’t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States" since Sept. 11, 2001.
No on 67 : "Not one penny of (California’s Prop 67) bag ban tax goes to the environment."
Ron Kind : "Before Medicare, only 51 percent of Americans 65 and older had health care coverage and nearly 30 percent lived below the poverty line. Today, thanks to Medicare ... nearly all seniors have coverage and 75 percent fewer struggle in poverty."
John Chiang : "In the first two years and a couple months (as California treasurer), I have saved taxpayers and ratepayers over $5.2 billion."
John McCain : Fleeing Syria, "a million children are now refugees."
Helen Glover : "A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance" under the new federal health care law.
Donald Trump : China has "total control, just about, of North Korea."
Mike Pence : The Trump administration “added over 209,000 jobs, including 16,000 new manufacturing jobs, to Pennsylvania over the last three years.
Randy Bryce : Under "his own legislation," Donald Trump's "own family would not have been allowed into the country."
Don Zimmerman : "Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you."
Chain email : Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
Donald Trump : "Under Operation Warp Speed, we’ve pioneered groundbreaking therapies, reducing the fatality rate 85% since April.”
Eric Cantor : Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
Jeff Merkley : Says Scott Bruun supports allowing corporations to secretly funnel millions of dollars to front groups to finance attack ads.
Tommy Thompson : "Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses" of smallpox vaccine and "I created enough" to vaccinate "every man, woman and child against smallpox in America."
Donald Trump : California Gov. Gavin Newsom “is sending Ballots to millions of people, anyone living in the state, no matter who they are or how they got there, will get one" and the election is "Rigged."
Facebook posts : “Barack Obama was arrested.”
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility."
Donald Trump : "It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference."
Senate Leadership Fund : "(Deborah) Ross defends those who want to burn the American flag, and even called efforts to ban flag-burning ‘ridiculous,’ yet refused to help a disabled veteran fly the flag."
Scott Walker : "Last month, 44 of the 50 states saw an increase in the unemployment rate."
Facebook posts : "If you are in Las Vegas and you get a knock on your door from NV Power, 2020 Census or CVD-19 testers, do not open your door. They are robbing people at gunpoint."
Frank LoBiondo : Says "new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag" for the health care law "will exceed $2 trillion — more than double what was initially reported."
Richard Saslaw : Governing magazine has "estimated that in the states that don’t expand Medicaid, a minimum, they said of 40 percent of rural hospitals will close in those states..."
Viral image : "President Trump signed legislation to clean up millions of tons of trash from our oceans and lakes last week."
Kathleen Sebelius : Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
Richard Durbin : Under President George W. Bush, "the national debt went from $5 trillion to $12 trillion."
Michael Doherty : Says the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible.
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump is "the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans "could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims" who get an abortion.
Hillary Clinton : "When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now."
Nan Rich : "We’re 48th in K-12 funding and 50th in higher education."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says "billionaire George Soros bankrolls" Minnesota Democrat Dan Feehan, who is "employed by a Soros-funded liberal outfit in D.C." and his campaign is "propped up by out of state super PACs backed by Soros' millions."
Jeff Bezos : “The retail market we participate in is extraordinarily large and competitive. Amazon accounts for less than 1% of the $25 trillion global retail market, and less than 4% of U.S. retail.”
Mark Pocan : Says U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin "wants to use a government jet that costs $25,000 per hour for his honeymoon."
Paul Ryan : In Massachusetts under Mitt Romney, "unemployment went down, household incomes went up," and the state "saw its credit rating upgraded."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Tom Ganley has "two F's from the Better Business Bureau" and "over 160 complaints in just three years."
Gerry Connolly : Says Obama has "doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office"
Bill Maher : "There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantor's defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed."
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, "directly contrary to Florida’s Constitution."
National Association of Manufacturers : Says the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012.
Beto O'Rourke : Says marijuana is "legal in most states in this country."
Chain email : On the new dollar coins, "'In God We Trust' is gone!"
Ted Budd : Most of Kathy Manning’s donors are from out-of-state.
Ted Cruz : Donald Trump has "described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history."
Adam Hasner : "George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a 'Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action' that looks strikingly similar to the 'Super Committee' now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes."
Tom Graves : Says President Barack Obama "has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law."
Stephen Fincher : "Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon."
Mike McCabe : Wisconsin is "49th in the country in internet speed."
William Howell : In Virginia, "Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years."
Snapchat : "90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate" in Morocco.
Chris Christie : "New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization" of people with developmental disabilities "in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey. "
Viral image : Photo shows President Barack Obama posing with a 420 sign.
Baby Got PAC : Says Hillary Clinton and the Democrats "admitted there’s one candidate who scares Hillary Clinton, and that’s Sen. Marco Rubio."
Barack Obama : "As many as a quarter of our students aren’t even finishing high school."
Viral image : Says it’s “OK to kill babies once born” in Virginia.
Kamala Harris : "22 veterans take their own lives each day."
John Chiang : "Since I’ve been the state treasurer, we’ve increased the building, construction of affordable housing by 80 percent."
Bloggers : Says John Elway told NFL players “Kneel on my field and you’re fired on the spot.”
Colorado Citizens for Accountable Government : "When Rachel Zenzinger was on the Arvada City Council, she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to China."
Alberta Darling : "Gov. Evers asked the director of WEDC to stay on"
Mitt Romney : "In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that … by any measure Social Security has been a failure."
Donald Trump : Says the United States loses "250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months."
Viral image : These photos show Jacob Blake posing with a gun.
Barack Obama : "Every dollar we invested in high-quality, early education programs can save more than $7 later on by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing crime."
Hillary Clinton : "George Bush ... used a signing statement (on a FEMA bill) to say, 'I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to.' "
Alison Lundergan Grimes : "The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell."
Donald Trump : "We have done more in eight months than the previous administration has done in many years" against ISIS.
Barack Obama : "We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate."
Barack Obama : There is "more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world – the first time that’s happened in nearly 20 years."
Scott Walker : "The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact."
Facebook posts : “America has 133 million registered voters,” but “159 million votes” were cast in the 2020 presidential election.
Bloggers : Video shows missile attack in Beirut explosion.
Howard Dean : "Barack Obama's health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before."
Joseph Kyrillos : Says "when I voted against [an increase in the minimum wage], it was in the 80s."
HalfwayPost.com : "White House chef quits because Trump has only eaten fast food for 6 months."
Mitt Romney : The Massachusetts health care plan "dealt with 8 percent of our population," far less than the "100 percent of American people" affected by President Barack Obama’s health care law.
Robin Vos : "The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin."
Bobby Jindal : The stimulus bill includes "$8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."
Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund : The Obama administration "willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations."
Joseph Fernandez : I "kicked crooked cops and government officials off the public pension rolls."
Facebook posts : Says that the "28th Amendment" prohibits Congress from creating laws that apply to U.S. citizens but not to them, and vice-versa.
Beto O'Rourke : Says "black Americans have 10 times less wealth than white Americans."
Gary Chiusano : Says pension contributions under Gov. Chris Christie would represent "75 percent of the total contribution made between the years 1995 and 2010. That's right, in 15 years, total state contribution was only $2.1 billion."
Greg Abbott : Says Texas "high school graduation rates are at all-time highs."
Jim Moran : "We have a system now where in 40 states, the highest-paid public employee is the state university’s head football or basketball coach."
Ultraviolet : Says Jeb Bush "said low-income women should ‘get their life together and find a husband.' "
Joe Biden : "45 nations had already moved” to enforce travel restrictions with China “before the president moved.”
Alliance for Retired Americans : "Social Security doesn’t contribute a penny to the deficit."
Mandela Barnes : In Afghanistan, “over 100 billion dollars spent on military contracts.”
Josh Mandel : "During Sherrod Brown’s past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : "As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000" in a "shady" land deal "from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution."
Bloggers : Photo shows Dianne Feinstein “bullying” Lisa Murkowski over “the now empty seat of the late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.”
Facebook posts : Say that former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman "has been missing for 70+ days."
Jim Webb : "Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world" are in India and China.
The Liberty Raise : "BREAKING: Queen Elizabeth II Dead At 94"
Troy Balderson : Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O’Connor has raised "90 percent of his campaign funds from liberal out of staters."
Freedom Daily : "Obama-Led U.N. Has Just Made It Official, U.S. To Immediately Pay Blacks 'Reparations'."
Donald Trump : Says the Democratic presidential candidates "support giving illegal immigrants free health care at our expense."
Tony Evers : Says Walker "wants to get rid of" students’ ability to stay on their parents’ health insurance.
Casey Cagle : "We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children."
John Cornyn : "Ms. Kagan has spent her entire professional career in Harvard Square, Hyde Park and the D.C. Beltway."
Joe Biden : "I entered as one of the poorest men in Congress, left one of the poorest men in government, in Congress and as vice president."
David Dewhurst : "This past (legislative) session, we passed out of the Legislature a resolution requiring Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the (U.S.) Constitution."
John McCain : The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
Michele Bachmann : Says Rick Perry increased spending in Texas by more than 50 percent.
Ban the Box RI : "In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year."
Rick Santorum : "We have over a million (legal immigrants) a year, more than at any time in the history of this country. We have the largest percentage of immigrants, almost tied now with the historical high as a percentage of immigrants living in this country."
Adam Putnam : Says he couldn't keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
Scott Walker : "During my eight years as county executive, we cut the number of county workers by 20 percent."
Viral image : Says Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted, “It’s ‘odd’ that the ANTIFA insurgency happened just as COVID-19 loses steam It’s ‘odd’ that COVID-19 happened the moment impeachment failed. It’s ‘odd’ that impeachment happened the moment Russian hoax failed. The Russian hoax happened because Hillary lost? Notice the pattern?”
Jeff Wagner : "The State of Wisconsin thinks you should have to" wash your hands "at least 28 times to make one peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich."
Richard Blumenthal : "What does Trumpcare do? Yank tax credits away from veterans unlike any other American."
Meghan McCain : "It happened under Obama, and it was lauded by the media as being genius. And now under the Trump campaign — it’s the Cambridge Analytica scandal."
David Dewhurst : Says Ted Cruz slurred Republican senators including John Cornyn as "graybeards" and "spineless jellyfish."
Reince Priebus : Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and "there was no President Bush" at the 2008 convention.
Barack Obama : "Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed."
Facebook posts : Says only certain face masks are effective and others, such as cloth masks, are not.
Gilberto Hinojosa : 40,000 veterans in Texas won’t get health care because Perry rejected Obamacare's Medicaid expansion.
Facebook posts : "California to teach kindergarteners there are 15 genders."
Franklin Graham : "The seed of Muslim is passed through the father."
Bill O'Reilly : When White House communications director Anita Dunn said that Mao Tse-tung was "one of her favorite philosophers, only Fox News picked that up."
Majority PAC : Tim Kaine "made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row."
Tim Scott : "If you don't pay income taxes ... you'll have more money" under the Republican tax plan.
Roy Blunt : "Jason Kander supports [Obama’s] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil."
General Beauregard Lee : Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
Tammy Baldwin : Says that "when federal bureaucrats wanted to prohibit the use of wooden cheese boards, which help make tens of millions of pounds of cheese a year" she "stepped in, helped eliminate the regulations."
Dan Patrick : Says 100,000 are on waiting list to attend Texas charter schools.
Senate Leadership Fund : In addition to his compensation as a judge, "Roy Moore and his wife (paid themselves) over $1 million from a charity they ran."
Cliff Stearns : "There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist."
Jay Rockefeller : Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
Viral image : “Governor Andy Beshear has authorized Kentucky teachers to make in-home visits. With parental approval, teachers will inspect the bedroom of each student currently enrolled in K-8.”
Donald Trump : "There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously."
Moms Rising : "In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball."
Larry Elder : "If black America were a country, it’d be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world."
Viral image : Says a crisis actor played the parts of a shooting victim and the mothers of shooting victims in Las Vegas, Orlando and Thousand Oaks.
Bloggers : "Man dug tunnel from home to the pub and drank every night while his wife slept."
Alan Grayson : Says Daniel Webster wants to make divorce illegal, even for abused wives.
Barack Obama : Says Donald Trump's foundation "took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."
Facebook posts : “A declaration of disaster, has been issued for the state of Texas. House Bill 1177 Allows any Texan who can legally own a firearm to carry their handgun, open or concealed, for a full week after a state or natural disaster is declared.”
Joe Biden : “24 of every 100 kids in school today speak Spanish.”
Viral image : “CDC just cancelled Halloween for kids.”
Rana Foroohar : "The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically."
Bloggers : "Archbishop Desmond Tutu dies while holidaying in Texas"
Scott Bruun : Says Kurt Schrader "cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregon’s middle-class families and small businesses."
Scott Dawson : "Gov. Kay Ivey gave nearly $1 million of taxpayers’ money to a liberal activist organization that promotes alternative lifestyles and transgenderism."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump said, “Do not be distracted by all this going on in Afghanistan. Always keep one eye on Washington D.C. A magician always distracts his audience.”
Instagram posts : A bar graph compares homicides for various racial groups
TheLastLineOfDefense.org : "Breaking: Muslim New Jersey Mayor just banned the word ‘Christmas.’"
Joe Biden : "You weren't allowed to own a cannon during the Revolutionary War as an individual."
Rick Scott : "We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state."
Joe Biden : Says that as vice president, he pinned a Silver Star on a Navy captain in Afghanistan who had carried a mortally wounded comrade out of a ravine, and resisted receiving a medal for his actions.
Josh Hawley : Says a bill co-sponsored by Sen. Claire McCaskill "would give a free pass to any illegal immigrant who brings a child to the border."
Mary Burke : "Part of the increase in the cost (of higher education) has been because state support has dropped. We now spend, under Governor Walker, more on corrections than we do on higher education."
Brian Newberry : "Legally, it doesn't make any difference" which state district you live in when running for Congress.
Lloyd Doggett : Travis County is "surrounded by red counties."
Tom Barrett : Says "Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother."
Donald Trump : “If we stopped testing right now, we'd have very few cases, if any.”
Marco Rubio : "The path to ObamaCare becoming law all started with Charlie Crist supporting President Obama's $787 billion stimulus."
Lenny Curry : Says Charlie Crist and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin "hold same abortion views. No exception except the life of the mother."
Paul Summers : Tennessee's appeals court judges "were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville" before the system of "merit selection" was put into effect.
Barack Obama : "McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil."
The Associated Press : Georgia’s share of money from the Federal Highway Trust Fund declined 12 percent between 2008 and 2013.
Michael Riley : "President Obama is attacking Paul Ryan on Medicare even though it is his administration with the help of Jim Langevin who cut $716 billion from Medicare."
Shelley Moore Capito : "What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is you're not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants."
Facebook posts : Quotes Mark Twain as saying of journalists that it is "far better" to "fear the media for they will steal your honor" and describes them as "a horde of ignorant, self-complacent simpletons…"
Bloggers : Says Donald Trump contradicted his own administration when he said the decision to allow blueprints for 3D-printed guns to be distributed "doesn’t seem to make much sense."
Jerry Brown : California's credit rating is "the worst in the country."
Donald Trump : “In certain swing states, there were more votes than people who voted, and in big numbers.”
Kamala Harris : "Sadly during the course of the pandemic one-third of our small businesses have closed."
Illinois Rising Action : “While voters were distracted, (Gov. J.B.) Pritzker gave huge pay raises to his politician buddies.”
Facebook posts : Says Michele Bachmann said "English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible."
Marianne Williamson : Says Jimmy Carter was the last "U.S. president to say flat out those (Israeli) settlements are illegal."
Timothy Geithner : For people in the top 1 percent for income, "your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest it’s been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money."
Bloggers : Says a Michigan funeral home employee was “cremated by mistake while taking a nap.”
Gordon Robertson : President Obama was "raised Muslim."
Donald Trump : Says to Hillary Clinton, "You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it."
Facebook posts : Says North Carolina banned and criminalized "Islamic Sharia Law"
Patrick Murphy : "When asked about equal pay for women, (Rubio’s) quote was that it was a waste of time."
Josh Shapiro : Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Republicans are now "taking credit" for provisions of the health care bill "that they had tried to derail."
Facebook posts : No one showed up for this Joe Biden and Kamala Harris joint campaign event in Arizona.
Joe Sanfelippo : “Clerks in Milwaukee and Dane Counties colluded to (add) nearly 250,000 individuals to the ‘Indefinitely Confined’ voter list.”
Claire McCaskill : Says Hillary Clinton "laid the groundwork" for getting chemical weapons out of Syria.
Mike Pence : "As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent."
Dan Sullivan : "Sen. Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obama’s authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens."
Rodman Debra : Siobhan Dunnavant "wrote the Republican bill that would let insurance companies deny coverage for pre-existing conditions."
Joni Ernst : Says she is ranked "one of the most bipartisan senators in the Senate in the last 25 years."
Yes on 8 : "There currently are 825,000 student stations sitting empty across Florida in every district and at every grade level."
Jay Goyal : Says there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasich's budget plan than in the previous state budget.
Bernie Sanders : "The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s."
Tammy Baldwin : Says Donald Trump "has a long history of exporting jobs overseas."
David Barton : Says Republican lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus “aired radio ads supporting Democrat(ic state Rep.) Mark Homer... helping the Democrat to a narrow win.”
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says that PolitiFact Ohio confirms that Betty Sutton "maxed out federal debt"
Rhode Island Senate : "The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL."
Dick Cheney : The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities "at the last minute in midnight phone calls."
Viral image : "President Trump is asking everyone to forward this email… The TRUMP Rules: Congressional Reform Act of 2017."
George P. Bush : A "majority of our students are trapped in" underperforming schools.
Robert Brown : Georgia’s illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the "Brown Codes" because of their similarity to the "Black Codes" governing blacks after the Civil War.
Joe Biden : When President Donald Trump walked across Lafayette Square to a church, he held the Bible upside down.
Ron Hood : Says abortion increases the risk of breast cancer.
Nicholas Burns : "There are about as many members of the Armed Forces marching bands as there are American diplomats."
Americans United for Change : "Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws."
Mitt Romney : "We’re now spending 42 percent of our economy on government."
Newslo.com : Says Paul Ryan said that 22 million Americans "choose to be poor, so it’s their own problem if they can’t afford to be healthy."
William G. Batchelder : Says the Ohio Consumers’ Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
Facebook posts : "Bloomberg says he wants to ban guns holding more than three rounds."
Kwame Raoul : Says "we know" Erika Harold would "discriminate against a loving gay couple who want to adopt a child, favoring an abusive straight couple instead."
Saxby Chambliss : Says the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire "16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer" to enforce the federal health care overhaul.
Donald Trump : "We’ve rebuilt China."
Kirsten Gillibrand : "When the Senate was debating middle-class affordability for child care," then-Sen. Joe Biden "voted against it, the only vote, but what he wrote (in) an op-ed was that he believed that women working outside the home would, quote, ‘create the deterioration of family.’ He also said that women who were working outside the home were, quote, ‘avoiding responsibility.’"
Roy Barnes : Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal fought to weaken Georgia's rape shield law.
Richard Saslaw : Female students at UVA "have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted."
Rhode Island Tea Party : "Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice."
Franklin Graham : Even with no shutdown, Sweden has a lower COVID-19 infection rate than UK, Italy and Spain.
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "wants to abolish the Second Amendment."
Joe Biden : “A Black man invented the light bulb, not a white guy named Edison.”
Cokie Roberts : Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost every U.S. family $45,000.
Georgia Lottery : Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
Charles Schumer : “You know what’s in this bill? No medical malpractice suits until 2024, even if they’re not COVID related.”
National Right to Life Committee : "Under the Baucus bill ... federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions."
Facebook posts : Image shows Nancy Pelosi drunk and being kissed by President Barack Obama.
Mitt Romney : Romney said "'No' to in-state tuition" for illegal immigrants.
Charlie Crist : Marco Rubio tried to insert "$1.5 million for a rowing institute" into the state budget.
American Future Fund : Says "Patrick Murphy was named one of America's least effective congressmen."
Erick Erickson : "Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress."
VoteVets.org : Says Rick Scott’s "hospital company stole millions, defrauding the military’s health care program."
Tim Ryan : "We’re only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country."
Suzanne Bonamici : PolitiFact Oregon gave Rob Cornilles a Pants on Fire for a claim about taxes and fees.
Jeb Bush : The tax policies of George W. Bush "created a dynamic effect of high growth."
American Automobile Association : “New York is one of only 12 states where the average gallon of gas costs more than $2.00.”
Jim Keffer : "The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state."
National Rifle Association : Says "Joe Biden calls for gun ban."
Ron Johnson : A recent study of a proposed cap-and-trade policy’s effect on Wisconsin consumers showed it could "raise gasoline prices by 141 percent and electricity rates by 171 percent" by 2030.
Ben Shapiro : "We’re above 800 million Muslims radicalized, more than half the Muslims on Earth That’s not a minority. That’s now a majority."
Dick Cheney : "Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. He’s already significantly reduced our capabilities there."
Philip Levine : "Here in Florida, despite 14 school shootings in eight years, we still have some of the weakest gun laws in the nation."
Viral image : A photograph of a black couple pictures the Sundance Kid.
Donald Trump : "We don't know anything about Hillary in terms of religion. Now, she's been in the public eye for years and years, and yet there's no — there's nothing out there."
Bill Clinton : "It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt."
Facebook posts : Says "Pelosi blackmails Congress! She demands mail-in voting or no 2nd stimulus for you and your family.”
Harry Reid : "Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies we’ve implemented."
Viral image : Says a photo at CPAC shows evangelical leaders praying over a golden statue of former President Donald Trump.
Joe Biden : Paul Ryan "cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for."
Greg Abbott : "The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes."
Barack Obama : "Gas prices have never been higher, and Exxon Mobil's profits have never been higher."
Jamie Weinstein : The states that are doing "better" are the ones that have no state income tax.
Ted Strickland : "While Rob Portman relies on his super PAC and a handful of billionaires to do his dirty work, we don’t have a super PAC, and quite frankly, we don’t want one that spends millions to spew out lies and distortions."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden said, “I don’t know what I’m signing,” while signing a document.
Raphael Warnock : Says Kelly Loeffler is "for getting rid of health care in the middle of a pandemic."
Marco Rubio : Foreign aid "is less than 1 percent of our federal budget."
Keisha Lance Bottoms : "Atlanta is on its strongest financial footing in 40 years."
Mike Collier : Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
Donald Trump : When Carly Fiorina says Hewlett-Packard "revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq. It was a terrible deal."
Bloggers : "Hillary Clinton furious at ‘special gift’ Melania Trump sent her from her hospital bed"
Lee Leffingwell : Says four-year terms for City Council members are "the norm in most cities of our size."
Donald Trump : “For example, when the COVID-19 pandemic hit, my Administration implemented a program to provide any individual without health-insurance coverage access to necessary COVID‑19‑related testing and treatment.”
Bernie Sanders : "We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low."
Stephen Martin : Says Democratic Party created the Ku Klux Klan.
Kenneth McKay : Says Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: "Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist."
Barack Obama : "Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels."
Donald Trump : "The servers of the Pakistani gentleman that worked on the DNC" are "missing."
Harry Reid : "Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders."
Rick Scott : Says Sen. Bill Nelson "voted for higher taxes" 349 times.
Barack Obama : "The unemployment rate for folks who've never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have."
Viral image : “Four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately.”
Barack Obama : Due to Obamacare, Arkansas "has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already."
Julián Castro : "Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans."
Dale Peterson : Says he was "a Marine during Vietnam."
Sam Adams : Says "of the 2,000 Portland households in the year-long (composting) pilot, 87 percent of participants reported being satisfied with the overall system."
David Rivera : "In the past, President Obama has refused to meet with representatives from Cuban exile organizations."
Donald Trump : "They just happened to find 50,000 ballots (in the Georgia U.S. Senate runoff elections) late last night."
Andrew Gillum : Says there is a report "that showed that, should we move to cover more people to a Medicare for All system, we could actually save the system trillions over an extended period of time."
SEIU : "You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it."
Workers' Voice : Says Josh Mandel bet against Ohio families
Thom Hartmann : "The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline."
Mark Warner : "Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. That’s more than credit card debt."
Jon Erpenbach : "There’s no strings attached to that money that we’d be getting as an incentive to expand Medicaid."
Deborah Ross : "Richard Burr voted to protect tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas but voted against a tax break to help working people."
Marco Rubio : "In order to sell insurance in Florida there are over 40 separate individual conditions that must be covered. ... far beyond the essential health benefits included in Obamacare."
Michael Moore : During the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Clintons brought the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to the White House for "spiritual counseling."
Royce West : Says that this year is the first time during his 27 years as senator “that two African Americans have ever served on the same (Senate) committee.”
Viral image : Says Sen. Kamala  Harris "introduced a bill today to forbid a police officers from drawing his/her gun without permission from their supervisor."
Mitt Romney : "We have 25 million Americans out of work."
Bloggers : "Migrants in the Guatemalan Caravan stand on, and then urinate on, U.S. flag before throwing it in the trash can."
Charles Odimgbe : "We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England."
Jeb Bush : "When public schools face increased competition, they get better and kids learn more."
Viral image : Says Ted Cruz tweeted, “I’ll believe in climate change when Texas freezes over.”
Mike Romano : In the state rankings for ACT test scores, West Virginia "is 30th. Which states are listed in the bottom? 15 states with charter schools."
Hector Uribe : Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
Facebook posts : "They didn't allow" Simone Biles "to take her ADHD medication."
Greg Murphy : “Sunlight actually can kill the (novel coronavirus.)”
Thomas Perez : "If you have a union job, you're making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, you're making $750 a week."
Adam Putnam : "Welders are coming out of their tech schools at $28 an hour" and "pipefitters are making six figures."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Scarborough is party to an "unsolved mystery" from his time as a congressman in Florida.
Stefani Carter : Says the Beaumont school district’s superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
Chain email : Says "a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf" has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, "All this for a damn flag."
Wendy Davis : "Greg Abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue."
Mitt Romney : Massachusetts has "less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas."
Mike Pence : "In the state of Indiana, I’ve signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief."
Viral image : Says John F. Kennedy said, "If a Supreme Court Justice died one day before the election, it would be more Constitutional to indefinitely postpone the election than postpone the confirmation a single day."
Chain email : "This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of ‘not wanting to offend anyone.' BUT … on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House."
Bloggers : "Singer Miley Cyrus: ‘Trump fans are destroying my career, I can’t stand them and I decided to move to…’"
Mike Martinez : Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
Viral image : “If the shot actually saved lives, they’d be priced so high that you literally could not afford them, you know like insulin.”
Gwen Graham : "We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states."
Terry McAuliffe : "Five years ago, when I took office, our state was mired in debt - a $2.4 billion debt left over by Republicans."
Broward County Police Benevolent Association : "Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!"
Bloggers : "15-year-old boy passes away from heart attack two days after Pfizer COVID-19 experimental jab."
Hillary Clinton : "It’s actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state."
Kirk Cox : "In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms."
FreedomWorks : Says "Dan McCready wants to repeal tax cuts that saves (sic) you $1,300" per year.
David Alameel : Says John Cornyn dodged the draft during the Vietnam War.
Sheldon Whitehouse : "Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen."
Social Media : Creflo Dollar has endorsed Republican Donald Trump for president.
Rick Perry : Barack Obama has "provided guns to Mexican drug cartels."
Lincoln Chafee : "I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes.
Facebook posts : Says Democrats are on vacation until May 4 and “refuse to come back” to sign a bill to help small businesses.
Americans for Prosperity: Florida : Says "Patrick Murphy’s ‘Pay More’ energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!"
Cornel West : Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the "death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown."
John McCain : Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies."
Facebook posts : Says City Blue Imaging Services in Rochester, N.Y. “printed ballots there. If you search them you’ll see they’re the ones who had ballots misprint errors for the ballots sent to NYC.”
Tammy Baldwin : "‘Dark money’ spending" in the 2016 election cycle "is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle," when it topped $308 million.
Joy Behar : Says PolitiFact reported that "95 percent of what (Donald Trump) says is a lie."
Sean Duffy : Says President Barack Obama’s homeland security budget had "$16 million to fight climate change" but "didn't have a line item to fight violent extremism."
Reince Priebus : "The fact is" the Clinton Foundation has "got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should."
Greg Abbott : Says he met a teacher in Dallas "who was only in his third year of teaching and already making more than $90,000 a year in salary."
Chris Christie : "When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years."
Jimmy Carter : "When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None."
Patrick Murphy : Says "Marco Rubio would take away a woman’s right to choose for victims of rape or incest."
Facebook posts : “9,871,525 is the number of registered voters in AZ according to FB. AZ population is 7,270,000.”
Occupy Providence : "Minimum wage = $16,000/year CEO-Goldman Sachs (Lloyd Blankfein) $16,000/Hour."
Sheila Bynum-Coleman : Kirk "Cox joined special interests to deny teachers raises."
Donald Trump : "Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, and the rest of the corrupt Democrats made a promise to their crazy left-wing base that they would impeach me even BEFORE I took office."
Ben Carson : Says "56 percent of (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control."
Harry Reid : Sharron Angle supported "a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."
Maggie Hassan : Kelly Ayotte "has voted to defund Planned Parenthood" six times.
Beto O'Rourke : Says "we lose nearly 40,000 people in this country to gun violence, a number that no other country comes even close to."
National Rifle Association : "Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second Amendment…Ban use of firearms for home defense."
Tom Daschle : U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce "political instability and violence" by "40 percent" in recipient nations.
Facebook posts : “Jeffrey Epstein found living in New Mexico!”
Michael McCaul : "When people enter the service, there’s not a mental health evaluation."
Hillary Clinton : Barack Obama's health care plan "will cost taxpayers $1,700 more to cover each new person."
Michael Murphy : "Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country."
Joe Biden : Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
David A. Clarke Jr. : Says coronavirus is just “the damn flu.”
YourNewsWire.com : "Pope Francis at Mass: ‘Jesus is Metaphorical, Not Literal."
John McCain : Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
Sal Esquivel : Says every day of a special session costs taxpayers $40,000.
Facebook posts : Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trump’s running mate.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Says one in three Texas children drop out of high school.
Alan Grayson : Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott’s cuts to education are the same as his proposed corporate income tax rate reduction.
Lamar Alexander : "This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . . "
Sarah Palin : Says she couldn't take stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
John Faulk : Says Houston’s 18th congressional district has been “gentrified” and is home to “more Anglos than African Americans.”
Randolph Bracy : "There are no federal or state laws that say prosecutors must seek death sentences. And the United States Supreme Court has banned all state laws that make executions mandatory for murders."
Steve Scalise : “There's over a trillion dollars of money unspent from previous (coronavirus) relief bills ... still sitting in a bank account.”
Saundra McDowell : If Missouri Amendment 1 passes, the auditor's office "could take one district, St. Louis here, and merge it with a district in southwest Missouri, a Republican district, and they don't even have to touch."
Barbara Buono : Says Chris Christie created "this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."
Jon Huntsman : The United States sends "$300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes."
Dave Brat : On Abigail Spanberger: "She got $2.2 million from ActBlue...That is the George Soros resistance group."
Mark Walker : Says he worked to pass the 2018 farm bill “that helped farmers, invest(ed) in rural broadband, and added work requirements for able-bodied adults, Budd voted NO.”
Jim Bohl : Sewer backups into basements caused the "vast majority of the damage to homes and buildings" in Milwaukee’s July floods, but federal flood insurance doesn’t cover them.
John Cornyn : Congressional Budget Office "says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!"
Rick Perry : Says President Barack Obama’s overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used "to fund abortion all over the world."
Donald Trump : Says Jon Ossoff "doesn't even live in (his) district."
Louie Gohmert : "Eighty percent of Wall Street executives and their spouses' donations go to Democrats."
Paul Ryan : Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.
Chain email : Next year, "you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs."
Donald Trump : "Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms" using "radical regulation," by raising business tax "rates as high as nearly 50 percent" and by taxing "family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent."
Barbara Buono : "Guess what, governor? There’s no fried butter in Newark. Just 13 percent unemployment."
Pam Bondi : "By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget."
Vernon Jones : Jeff Mann has an ethics complaint against him alleging he used county workers for campaign work, which is an indictable offense.
Milly Silva : "Property taxes have increased 20 percent under four years of Chris Christie."
John Cornyn : More "than 80 percent of sex trafficking victims in America are U.S. citizens."
Mike Pence : "Donald Trump’s been completely consistent" about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants.
Facebook posts : “Federal law requires people to speak English to be naturalized as American citizens.”
Bloggers : Obama's dog has his "own plane"
Bernie Sanders : "Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen."
John Boehner : The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
Rush Limbaugh : When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, "MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation."
Chris Bollwage : "Our jobless rate, our unemployment rate, is the lowest of all of the big cities in New Jersey."
13th District GOP slate : "New Jersey’s once-broken pension system is now solvent."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden “tried to cut Social Security and Medicare for decades. … Now Biden’s promising your benefits to illegal immigrants.”
Dennis Kucinich : "The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less."
Facebook posts : Undocumented immigrants get Medicare for free.
Barbara Buono : "New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York."
Charles Van Zant : A company hired to do Common Core testing in Florida will "attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can."
Bill O'Reilly : Says the federal government hosted a conference and "ordered 250 muffins at 16 bucks a piece."
Art Acevedo : Texas leads "the country in drunk driving fatalities."
Mitch McConnell : In 2010, Clinton "said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said she’s always argued against it."
Bloggers : “Antifa gearing up for false flag violence disguised as Trump-supporters.”
Viral image : “Not one politician has died from the virus.”
Tony Evers : Says a Republican bill he vetoed would have implemented a "mandate" to make public the names of all students’ parents or guardians.
Internet commenters : A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
Instagram posts : If COVID-19 was real, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wouldn’t have been “allowed to join 50,000 other football fans inside a stadium."
Rand Paul : "Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts."
Bloggers : “Fish tank additive may treat coronavirus.”
Hillary Clinton : "While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked."
Bloggers : Says Clint Eastwood is dead.
Jim Renacci : Obamacare includes "a $63 charge every American will begin paying (in 2013) as a way to cover some of the increased costs associated with providing health insurance to those with pre-existing conditions."
Joe Biden : “We have a higher deficit with China now than we did before.”
Steve Bullock : "A quarter of our guns are sold outside of the background checks."
Facebook posts : New Jersey “will be out of gas for a week.”
Bloggers : Says a "fact check" shows that Nancy Pelosi moved "billions of Social Security funds to cover impeachment costs."
John Kasich : Says there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect.
Jon Hoadley : Upton “voted a dozen times to kick thousands of Michigan families off their health insurance and eliminate protections for preexisting conditions”
Michele Bachmann : "Secretary Geithner has left the option on the table" of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency.
Rick Perry : Says the state’s rainy day fund is "our insurance policy against a major natural disaster."
James Langevin : "The Congressional Budget Office estimates that for every $1 we spend on unemployment benefits, $1.90 is put into our economy."
Bob Beckel : "There were more people at the Air and Space Museum" than at a rally against the health care bills.
James Jolly : "Every student paying out-of-state tuition actually covers more than the cost of instruction."
Frederica Wilson : "Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower."
Donald Trump : “You have areas of Pennsylvania that are barely affected and [the governor wants] to keep them closed.”
Viral image : A photo shows three men on crosses who “feel like they’re being crucified by being required to stay at home.”
Jeb Bush : "In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans."
Bernie Sanders : "We didn't go out and take" information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.
Bloggers : "Barack Obama loves Che Guevara."
Paul Vallas : Says Susana Mendoza’s assertion that she fought efforts to hike vehicle sticker prices when she was Chicago’s city clerk "is absurd … Mendoza pushed a draconian sticker penalty program."
Rebecca Kleefisch : "Right now, our corrections department charges taxpayers between $30,000 and $40,000 a year per person we lock up," she said. "That’s actually cheap when you compare us to the rest of the country."
Rick Santorum : "The president looks like he was ahead of the curve – as you know, he talks about this all the time – on shutting down travel from China."
Mike Pence : The Obama administration has been "raising taxes."
Ben Carson : There are a "multitude" of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases.
Mary González : An "abortion procedure is actually safer than a vasectomy."
Democratic National Committee : The Republicans and President Donald Trump "passed a tax bill that gave 80 percent of its benefits to the top 1 percent."
Joshua Feuerstein : Says #MeToo movement sign suggested assaulting First Lady Melania Trump.
Heidi Heilman : "Today’s marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear."
Catherine Taylor : "Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent."
Committee to Defend the President : Says Obama said black people have the "worst jobs, the worst housing" and face rampant police brutality, "but when so-called black committeemen came around election time we’d all line up and vote the straight Democratic ticket, sell our souls for a Christmas turkey."
Andrew Cuomo : New York has passed "the best paid family leave" program in the United States of America.
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "doesn't believe in equal pay."
Tom Coburn : "One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. That's one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled."
Robert Healey : I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
Donald Trump : Says he and Bernie Sanders have "very similar" views on trade
Barack Obama : "Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didn't have it before, through the Children's Health Insurance Program."
Barack Obama : "There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms."
FreedomJunkshun.com : "Hillary Clinton leaves the country as Mueller indictment is announced."
Tammy Hall : Jobs incentive program "created over 1,200 high-wage jobs since 2009."
Jim Justice : "Our WV highways rank 16th in the country in a national survey of highway systems, up 20 spots from last year’s ranking! This ranking affirms all the hard work we’ve done, and that we continue to do, fixing our state’s roads."
John Sharp : Says scientists predict "sometime in the future, an event that will kill … somewhere between 80 and 90 million people."
Brian Moran : Gov. Bob McDonnell in 2010 "did not even create enough jobs to keep pace with population growth" in Virginia.
Linda Finn : Right now, if Rhode Island police come across a young person with a gun, "they really don't legally have the right to take it away from them."
Philip Van Cleave : Martin Luther King Jr. "was a Republican."
Bernie Sanders : Says Hillary Clinton "has been saying lately that she thinks that I am, 'not qualified to be president.' "
Facebook posts : “If you have worked during the COVID-19 pandemic, the Department of Labor has finally authorized up to $4,800 in hazard pay for qualified essential workers.”
Tony Evers : "We put $330 million in general school aids — the largest in more than a decade."
Mitt Romney : Several times, Obama "has apologized for what he deems to be American arrogance, dismissiveness, and derision; for dictating solutions, for acting unilaterally ... ."
Corey Lewandowski : Says "there’s 400,000" anchor babies born in the United States a year, which are "individuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens."
Mitt Romney : "I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector."
David Perdue : U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston voted for the "Cash for Clunkers" program.
Meria Carstarphen : Austin’s Pease Elementary "is a school that was created as part of the Texas Constitution."
Viral image : Says Dr. Anthony Fauci’s wife is the NIH official “who rubber stamps exceptions to normal drug and vaccine testing.”
Viral image : Photo shows a “clearly intoxicated” Kamala Harris “throwing up in the bushes & staggering aimlessly at the Cleveland airport.”
Greg Abbott : Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
Tammy Baldwin : Witnesses have been part of "every other impeachment trial the Senate has ever had."
Ed Schultz : Walmart employees receive "roughly $5,800" in public assistance per year.
Whoopi Goldberg : In Texas, "sexting is a felony sex offense for teenagers — that can mean up to 10 years in prison."
Ted Cruz : With the Republican-backed tax cut, "we’re seeing the result, and to date, federal tax revenues have gone up."
Kurt Schrader : In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
Future PAC (Oregon House Democrats) : Says Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies.
Facebook posts : “All US citizens are entitled to $700 USD per week to stay at home to avoid the spread of COVID-19 novel coronavirus, starting from March 17.”
Hillary Clinton : In 1928 "school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president, you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible."
Democratic National Committee : "Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health."
Joe Biden : In Iraq, "violence is down to an all-time low" since the start of the war.
Chris Christie : "Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jersey’s best teachers, and the most education funding ever."
Louise Slaughter : Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.
Kelli Stargel : "Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand."
Hillary Clinton : "I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights."
Progress Florida : "Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast."
Coalition for Fair Budget Priorities : Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
Earl Blumenauer : "The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America."
For Our Future Florida : Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott "just signed a bill that could make most of Florida’s beaches private."
Ronna McDaniel : Says the American Civil Liberties Union opposes H.R. 1 on grounds that “it threatens our freedom of speech.”
Charlie Crist : "We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class."
Don Blankenship : "Mitch McConnell was one of the few senators that voted after Tiananmen Square not to have punitive actions against China for human rights violations."
Bloggers : "Kavanaugh accuser’s brother’s firm linked to Fusion GPS."
Barack Obama : "Romney outsourced call center jobs to India."
Republican Governors Association : Tom Barrett "voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security."
Mark Neumann : Says he never voted for a "tax increase."
Barack Obama : "Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP" say that health reform "makes sense to do."
YouTube videos : Says President Donald Trump spawned the “Wuhan super virus outbreak under code name ‘zyphr.’”
Josh Hawley : Says a manufacturing operation in his hometown that made gunstock for Remington rifles "closed down, we lost those jobs and it's been devastating for my little town."
Dwight Jones : Richmond is "the most vegan-friendly city."
Alan Grayson : Daniel Webster "is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported China’s entrance into the World Trade Organization…. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership."
Van Wanggaard : Foxconn “is the largest taxpayer in Racine County.”
Donna Campbell : "Seven out of ten doctors are not taking any new Medicaid patients as lower reimbursement rates make it cost-prohibitive."
Tommy Thompson : Says U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget "that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget."
Rick Scott : Citizens Property Insurance has "over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus."
Mario Gallegos : Says that 98,184 Texans are now driving with temporary driver’s licenses lacking their photos.
Kasim Reed : Says the Georgia Dome would need up to $350 million in work over the next five to seven years.
Kevin Cramer : "I've always voted for keeping the government open. I’ve never cast a vote to shut down the government."
Donald Trump : "America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just one year. Isn’t it a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a minor permit approved for the building of a simple road?"
Tim Kaine : Says "Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization" of the Veterans Administration.
Kasim Reed : The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007.
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Says the American public "overwhelmingly opposed" Democratic-steered health care plan.
Bloggers : "Trump Won Two-Thirds of Election Lawsuits Where Merits Considered"
Rand Paul : "For every Kentuckian that has enrolled in Obamacare, 40 have been dropped from their coverage."
Jeb Bush : "It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States."
Hillary Clinton : "There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining."
Hillary Clinton : "Our campaign depends on small donations for the majority of our support."
Ken Cuccinelli : Terry McAuliffe has "threatened to shut down Virginia’s government if his budget plan isn’t supported."
Ginny Brown-Waite : "Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years."
Ron Johnson : "We have laws on the books where people can walk right up to our ports of entry, say ‘I have a credible fear of persecution,’ and we bring them in. We don’t send them back."
Joe Biden : "I (found) the Republican votes for the Recovery Act, Obamacare, help us from falling into a Great Depression."
Laura Ingraham : "The 90 percent statistic of supporting background checks, that's been debunked."
Roger Williams : Says he’s "never voted ‘present’ in the House instead of taking a yes or no position.
JoAnne Kloppenburg : Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice "supported" incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.
Chain email : "Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts."
Newt Gingrich : "On the day of the New Hampshire primary in 1980, the top 13 people of Ronald Reagan’s staff quit."
Scott Walker : "Our bold reforms have Wisconsin’s unemployment rate down to an all-time LOW of 2.9 percent, and the number of people working at an all-time HIGH!"
Ed Gillespie : "This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare."
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : "$21T in Pentagon accounting errors. Medicare for All costs ~$32T. That means 66% of Medicare for All could have been funded already by the Pentagon."
Hillary Clinton : Says Jeb Bush "doesn't believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does."
Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital : The Chris Hani Baragwanath in South Africa is "the world’s third-biggest hospital."
Rand Paul : "$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on ‘origami’ condoms."
Chris Christie : Says President Barack Obama failed "to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission."
Alan Grayson : In every ethics case that has resulted in a formal sanction, "there's been an investigative subcommittee that's been established first."
New York Times : Images show the turnout for President Donald Trump's 2017 ceremony with the New England Patriots was smaller than the team’s turnout with President Barack Obama in 2015.
Rick Santorum : Says Mitt Romney said he does not "line up with the NRA."
Cory Booker : "You’re more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas" than find in-person voter fraud.
Chris Kapenga : "The amount of interest" paid on the federal debt exceeds "total tax revenue."
Al Sharpton : Says President Barack Obama "has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in," compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency.
John Boehner : "The problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest Americans is that more than half of them are small business owners."
Josh Holmes : A Georgia law has not “criminalized giving people bottles of water.” It pertains to political organizations.
Dave Hunt : Says "every school will be negatively impacted" if Education Stability Fund is not tapped.
Senate Leadership Fund : "Washington Heidi supports sanctuary cities, where illegal immigrants can be released on our streets, like this criminal, who was let go and then sexually assaulted a child."
Ron Paul : "The country's bankrupt."
Donald Trump : "I finished" the controversy about where President Barack Obama was born.
Joe Biden : Says he did not tell former President Barack Obama "don’t go" after Osama bin Laden
Jody Hice : Democrats “spent 4 years refusing to acknowledge Trump’s 2016 victory.”
Stacey Abrams : “Since the reopening of (Georgia), we’ve seen our COVID rate skyrocket by 40%.”
Gwen Moore : Says police unions have it “written into a contract that (officers) are not going to be accountable” for misconduct.
Rudy Giuliani : Financial conflict-of-interest "laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust."
Rick Perry : Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
Jan Schakowsky : The United States "has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP."
Facebook posts : “One of the first nurses to receive the vaccine in AL is now dead.”
Hillary Clinton : "When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like" Johnson Controls "begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden is “following through with a fracking ban.”
Judson Hill : "Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured."
Joseph McNamara : Rhode Island's graduated driving license "has saved hundreds of lives."
Instagram posts : A video shows an animal chip scanner detecting a microchip where a woman was vaccinated.
Chris Coons : New Castle County's unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
Rick Perry : "Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state."
Michele Bachmann : In 1993, Newt Gingrich "first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating" for it.
Mitt Romney : "Half the kids coming out of college this year … can't find a job, or a job that's consistent with a college degree."
Facebook posts : President Barack Obama spent "$5 billion paying Ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government."
Chris Christie : Says New Jersey has gained "143,000 new private-sector jobs."
Tom Nelson : A $300 million stimulus allocation to Wisconsin "has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state."
Monica Wehby : "Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster."
Lloyd Doggett : "Our university campuses by federal law do not check the immigration status of their students just as our public schools don’t."
Patrick Murphy : "For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000."
David Dewhurst : Says Ted Cruz represents a Chinese company found guilty of stealing blueprints from an American manufacturer.
Dennis Richardson : Says "$1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS."
Facebook posts : “Biden took down Dr. Seuss and Mr. Potato Head.”
Tweets : Says Sen. Chuck Schumer deleted a Feb. 5 tweet criticizing President Donald Trump’s decision to ban some forms of travel to and from China.
Bloggers : “President Trump just announced that the ‘biological’ lab in Wuhan where the COVID-19 virus was created was ‘funded’ by President Barak (sp) Hussein Obama in 2015 to the tune of $3,800,000 American dollars!”
Rachel Maddow : Despite what Donald Trump claims, "there weren’t 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix" to see Trump speak.
Charles Boustany : The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
Barack Obama : "If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan."
Mick Mulvaney : The "president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends" for Obamacare.
Jerry Brown : California’s Central Valley and Inland Empire "are experiencing tremendous job growth."
Hillary Clinton : "A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful."
Occupy Democrats : "Ben Carson is running for president to ‘eliminate dependency on government.’ But he doesn’t mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college."
Viral image : Says a New York Post cover used the headline “YOU'RE FIRED" on Nov. 4 with an image of Donald Trump.
Rick Santorum : "A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them."
Jim Renacci : "My opponent, in 2008, had contributions investigated by the federal government."
Chuck Norris : "Some of our state's educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children."
Barack Obama : During Lyndon B. Johnson’s first 20 years in Congress, "he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote."
Colorado Health Institute : ColoradoCare would have higher revenues than McDonald’s.
Sid Miller : Says that since lawmakers acted, "we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts."
Mike Pence : For immigrants with visa overstays, "we make no effort to hold them accountable to that or uphold the law."
Mitt Romney : "Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent."
Donald Trump : Says he "won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally."
AFL-CIO of New Jersey : "New Jersey's governor cut $1.6 billion from public education while handing out $2.1 billion in corporate tax breaks, more than the entire previous decade."
Martin O'Malley : "Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II."
Facebook posts : Says 194 people were killed in mass shootings in 2018 while undocumented immigrants killed 83,211 people.
Barack Obama : "I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born."
Ohio Republican Party : Says Maryellen O’Shaughnessy "accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora."
Elizabeth Warren : "Trump's campaign manager, Paul Manafort, commits bank and tax fraud and gets 47 months. A homeless man, Fate Winslow, helped sell $20 of pot and got life in prison."
Travis Allen : "I have seen crime increase in every major metropolitan area (in California) … Crime is on the rise in every major market."
Pete Buttigieg : "I have more military experience than anybody who’s arrived behind that desk since George H.W. Bush."
Internet commenters : Annexation would lead to overcrowding at Decatur’s city schools.
Mike Murphy : Says when New York "implemented a program" to tax the wealthy at higher rates it saw a revenue shortfall "because of the outward migration of their top earners."
Facebook posts : Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States’ $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at $15.81, Germany at $11 and France at $12.35.
Facebook posts : Says a demonstration with an air quality monitor shows that cloth masks are dangerous for children.
Facebook posts : A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, "We can take your competition off the streets for FREE."
Mitt Romney : During his first year, President Obama said he "was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez – the worst actors in the world."
Shaun Donovan : "It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets."
Donald Trump : "You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended."
Washington Examiner : U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare.
Chris Murphy : "Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 don't believe that climate change is really happening."
Rebuilding America Now : Through the Clinton Foundation, "the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million."
Sherrod Brown : The financial services bill will end "too-big-to-fail."
Dan Patrick : Leticia Van de Putte "opposed putting National Guard troops on the border, would send millions to Central American governments instead and wrote the law giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."
Ron Kind : "I am the only member of Congress that voted for both inquiries -- the Clinton inquiry and now the Trump inquiry."
Jeb Bush : "You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes."
Randy Bryce : Says Paul Ryan "has not had a public town hall within the district for over 600 days."
Chain email : An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
The Other 98% : "Trump just gave a $12 billion bailout to farmers hurt by his failed tariffs. This will cost every household in the U.S. $95 … Trump is borrowing the money from China since his tax cuts blew a trillion dollar hole in the deficit."
Bernie Sanders : In 2007, "the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income," which is "more than the entire bottom 50 percent."
Jorge Elorza : "We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free."
Bloggers : "Burger King admits to using horse meat in burgers, Whoppers."
Peter King : "In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Washington’s Kim Schrier has a plan to eliminate employer-provided health coverage, double income taxes and put your care "in the hands of government bureaucrats."
Wisconsin Contractor Coalition : Says Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce’s "own 2014 survey revealed that just 15 percent of business executive respondents were in favor of Right-To-Work legislation."
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows South Carolina after stay-at-home orders were announced.
Bloggers : Says that "18 children died while in custody of Border Patrol" during the Obama administration.
Bloggers : "Florida Sheriff: Blacks should learn to act like white people in order to stay alive."
Viral image : Says Queen Elizabeth said Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte “is the kind of leader who knows the way .... Filipinos are very lucky to have him.”
Bloggers : "White supremacist who killed protester is a Democrat and visited (President Barack) Obama in Oval Office."
Mike Pence : Says since he and President Trump took office, their policies "led to an unemployment rate of 3.1% in Wisconsin and 61,000 Wisconsin jobs, including 15,000 manufacturing jobs."
Mike Stenhouse : "It’s just crazy that the government will ... make it illegal to use the old [incandescent] bulbs."
Ted Gatsas : Chris "Sununu supported Obama’s Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools."
Ed FitzGerald : Cuyahoga County "passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes."
Kevin Cahill : Abortion in the U.S. "is at an all time legal low."
Brian Schweitzer : McCain's energy plan is a "single-answer proposition" — new domestic oil drilling.
FreedomJunkshun.com : "Breitbart leaks names of four Dems being charged in Mueller’s Russia probe."
Barbara Buono : Says in March New Jersey was "one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs" and "the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation."
Republican Party of Florida : "In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants."
Eric Cantor : The jobs bill includes "President Obama's tax on soup kitchens"
Roger Williams : Under Barack Obama, "the fewest number of adults are working since Jimmy Carter’s presidency."
Gregg Jarrett : "The FBI has become America's secret police …  like the old KGB."
Mandela Barnes : “Since 1978, CEO compensation rose over 1,000% and only 11.9% for average workers.”
Barack Obama : Hillary Clinton "agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."
Armond Budish : Says Republican-approved changes to "make it more difficult to participate in Ohio elections include reducing in-person early voting from 35 days to six."
Karen Brinson Bell : Says the NC elections board “did not change state law."
Michael MacDonald : Michigan election bills are “designed to make it easier for people to vote.”
Daily World Update : "Court orders Obama to pay $400 million in restitution."
Joaquin Castro : With only 67 bills or so passed into law, "2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since we’ve been keeping record."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton wants illegal immigrants "collecting Social Security benefits."
Rick Scott : Regulations are an "endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence."
Facebook posts : Says Condoleezza Rice said, “If you are taught bitterness and anger, then you will believe you are a victim. You will feel aggrieved and the twin brother of aggrievement is entitlement. So now you think you are owed something and you don’t have to work for it and now you’re on a really bad road to nowhere because there are people who will play to that sense of victimhood, aggrievement and entitlement, and you still won’t have a job.”
We Are Wisconsin : Says Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered "unqualified support" for a plan to end Medicare
Frank Lasee : Says that according to a study, under Obama’s health care initiative, "nearly 90 percent of people" in Wisconsin with health insurance "will have their costs go up by more than 30 percent."
Christi Craddick : Says that the oil and gas industry comprises 35% of the Texas economy.
Georgia Association of Homes and Services for Children : By 12th grade, "more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once."
Rick Perry : Says the first word spoken from the moon was "Houston."
Scott Walker : Says under his budget-repair bill, "collective bargaining is fully intact."
Barack Obama : "In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005."
Dana Loesch : "Obama admin gutted @ProjChildSafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits."
Romaine Quinn : Says Gov. Evers “has refused to identify or discipline the staff member who secretly taped” a conversation with GOP leaders.
Mike Schaufler : Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
Chris Christie : Says state Sen. Paul Sarlo "said in February on NJTV, ‘there will be no tax increases in this budget’" and "voted the other night in the Senate Budget Committee to raise income taxes $800 million."
Chelsea Clinton : Says "Gary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system."
Chris Van Hollen : The employer mandate "affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country."
Tommy Thompson : Says that as Wisconsin governor he "never raised taxes."
Jim McDermott : "During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted" by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.
Kirsten Gillibrand : "One in five" women in the military "are receiving unwanted sexual contact," as are "3.3 percent of men."
Russell Brand : "The American murder rate is 50 times that of any other developed nation."
Terry McAuliffe : Virginia is "the No. 1 recipient of federal dollars."
Hillary Clinton : As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
Facebook posts : A leaked email from a Liberal Party politician shows the Canadian government's plan to “reset” the economy and seize private property.
Barack Obama : "We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years."
Oregon Right to Life PAC : Oregonians have an "amazing no-cost way to fight abortion" with free political donations
Tom Barrett : Says since he took office, the City of Milwaukee has seen the creation of 7,000 new affordable housing units.
Barack Obama : "The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office."
Susan Yoshihara : Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been "shattered by the latest and best social science and research."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "claimed our armed forces are 'a disaster.'"
National Republican Congressional Committee : Ann Kuster turned "a blind eye to those in need of funding" by voting "against funding for our nation’s veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health."
Dan Patrick : “Nothing has changed in the election code (under SB 7) regarding early voting. Nothing has changed."
Joe Biden : “From the moment we passed that signature legislation, Mike (Bloomberg) called it a disgrace.”
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden has “written a letter of apology” for calling Trump’s travel restrictions from China “xenophobic.”
Rick Baker : While Mayor Rick Kriseman said he would dip into reserves this year because of Hurricane Irma, he "went into the emergency reserves before Irma ever hit."
Lara Logan : "The reality" in Texas is that "you’re flying helicopters, using fossil fuels, to put oil on wind turbines to defrost them.”
Caleb Rowden : "Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation."
Donald Trump : “Cory Booker and all these people couldn't get any of the things that (Michael) Bloomberg's getting now" with respect to DNC debate rules.
Facebook posts : Says a zip tie attached a car is a sex trafficking tactic to mark women as a target and abduct them.
Joe Biden : “You go to a gun show, you can buy whatever you want, and no background check."
Karl Rove : Russian annexation of Crimea "removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election."
Dana Perino : On climate change, "the temperature readings have been fabricated, and it's all blowing up in their (scientists') faces."
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine : "Rhode Island’s teen binge drinking rate is double the national average."
Bloggers : "Clinton Foundation cargo ship raided at Port of Baltimore" caught smuggling 460 undocumented immigrants.
Doonesbury : Last election, the Koch brothers "spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined."
Tweets : It’s warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
Steve Henson : "State revenue projections have missed the mark month after month."
Safe Routes to Schools : Half of children struck by cars near schools are hit by parents driving children to school.
Dan Kapanke : Says protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
Joe Biden : McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
Allen West : "Black people kill more black people every six months than the KKK did in 86 years."
Bobby Scott : ”If you line up all the countries that have done (Covid-19) testing on a per-capita basis, we’re at the bottom of the list.”
Nathan Deal : "Jason Carter’s plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion."
Mark Born : “Private insurance gives … better coverage” than people would get under a Medicaid expansion.
Mike DeWine : Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force "is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio"
Florida Democratic Party : Says Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain
Melvin Sickler : Says Oregon’s high minimum wage is the reason why "by 2011, Oregon's restaurants employed an average of only 13.8 workers, or 2.6 fewer employees than they did before the state's minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 1997."
Viral image : Says Kamala Harris said, “The American people aren’t equipped to make these decisions for themselves.”
Melanie Crozier : Karen Handel "would have felt like it was OK to go in and abort" Sarah Palin's son Trig, who has Down syndrome.
Viral image : Photo shows Kamala Harris pretending to board an official plane.
Yolanda Adrean : "We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing."
Gavin Newsom : "In San Francisco, we were successful in reducing our street population 40 percent. We got 12,000 people off the street."
Dick Armey : "Right now the Tea Party polls higher than the Republicans and the Democrats."
Newt Gingrich : Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich "apparently was assassinated at 4 in the morning, having given WikiLeaks something like 53,000 emails and 17,000 attachments. ... It turns out, it wasn’t the Russians."
Tweets : "Paul Ryan doesn't know what the minimum wage is in Wisconsin."
Roger Williams : The federal government "has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills" and won’t default.
Hillary Clinton : "I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland."
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee : Says David Perdue wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education, which would cost Georgia schools $1 billion a year and eliminate millions in student loans.
Bernie Sanders : Says President Donald Trump "came forth with a budget — a trillion dollar cut in Medicaid, $500 billion to Medicare, and $72 billion for the Social Security Disability Fund."
Florida Hometown Democracy : "For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services."
Donald Trump : “We're setting record job numbers.”
Ed Schultz : "When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages."
Paul Ryan : Says he and Mitt Romney "always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline" for leaving Afghanistan.
Viral image : Says two patients at Valley Regional Medical Center in Brownsville, Texas, “are being looked at” for possible coronavirus infections.
Bob Donovan : "This is the true picture of ‘Milwaukee's Renaissance’ after 12 years of Mayor Tom Barrett's leadership."
Viral image : "The day Al Gore was born, there were 130,000 glaciers on earth. Today, only 130,000 remain."
Facebook posts : Charcoal activated tablets “will counteract most date rape drugs.”
Ken Zarifis : Says Texas Education Agency Commissioner Mike Morath is requiring teachers to return to classrooms while “he has closed his offices at TEA through January.”
Marco Rubio : Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
Lincoln Chafee : "The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit."
Donald Trump : “Murders this year have spiked 27% in Philadelphia.”
Facebook posts : “If you were forced to use a Sharpie” to fill out your ballot, “that is voter fraud.”
Hillary Clinton : "I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there."
Tim Kaine : The national debt increased $16,000 every second George Allen served in the U.S. Senate.
Donald Trump : Says Georgia’s 5th congressional district, represented by John Lewis, is "in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested)."
Nathan Deal : Mercedes-Benz USA  moving its headquarters to Atlanta will create at least 800 jobs.
Vernon Jones : "I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash."
Donald Trump : "80% of the world’s population lives in countries where religious liberty is in significant danger or even completely outlawed."
Facebook posts : Says former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said that "if the workers are more insecure, that's very healthy for the society" because "they'll serve the masters gladly and passively."
Rick Green : "As a state rep, I was considered the fourth-most conservative in the Legislature.”
TikTok posts : “Our legal president, President Trump, has signed a cease and desist order for the COVID vaccines.”
Maureen Dowd : Says Ron Paul insisted FEMA should be shut down.
Rush Holt : "As we watch the news from Colorado with horror and sympathy for the families, we should remember that each day more than 80 Americans are killed by gunfire, unnecessary tragedies."
Donald Trump : Says the tax bill "is going to cost me a fortune, this thing -- believe me. Believe me, this is not good for me."
Jacky Rosen : Says "Danny Tarkanian … wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a woman's right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest."
Tommy Thompson : Says Tammy Baldwin "voted to gut Medicare for seniors."
Environmental Defense Fund Action : Says Texas U.S. Rep. John Culberson "was caught using campaign cash on collectibles, including Civil War memorabilia and fossils."
Tax March : "83% of Trump tax breaks go to the wealthiest 1%."
AFSCME : "In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market."
Joe Biden : “Now, 50% of all of America, more than any other country, is fully vaccinated.”
Julián Castro : Up "to 45 percent" of illegal immigrants "are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers."
Scott Walker : "Nearly a quarter of all adults in this state have some college credit without a degree."
Cathie Adams : "Bill White spent his city billions of dollars into debt (and) saw crime rates soar while he backed gun control."
Mitt Romney : "The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this president’s term."
John Culberson : Says Texas Democrat Lizzie Pannill Fletcher contradicted herself on her health care position by saying "we need universal health care."
Barack Obama : Says his administration has made "progress" on border enforcement by "putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years."
Jess McIntosh : "Fifty percent of Republicans are in favor of Medicare for All."
Pete Buttigieg : Says Bernie Sanders would “go beyond reform and reorder the economy in ways most Democrats — let alone most Americans — don’t support."
Nathan Deal : Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
John Oxendine : Georgia has "a dropout rate that’s higher" than Alabama's.
John Roberts : "Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi."
Sarah Palin : Under Rosemary Lehmberg, the "Travis County D.A.’s office" convened the grand jury that indicted Rick Perry.
Chris Christie : Says judges "get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state."
Jim Skaggs : Austin is "burdened by the fastest-growing tax increases of any major city in the nation."
Joe Biden : For vaccine rates among Americans 65 and older, “there’s virtually no difference between white, Black, Hispanic, Asian American.”
Gregory J. Costantino : Rep. Peter Petrarca "voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest."
Suzanne Somers : "Even after Obamacare is fully implemented, there still will be tens of millions of people not covered."
Oregon Lottery : "However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific."
Facebook posts : Two photos show climate change “is a hoax.”
Mitt Romney : "I saw my father march with Martin Luther King."
Tim Kaine : Donald Trump says "that NATO is obsolete and that we need to get rid of NATO..."
Steve Rothman : Says Congressman Bill Pascrell "voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act."
Barth Bracy : Gov. Lincoln Chafee has imposed "a mandatory abortion fee" on all Rhode Islanders who buy health insurance through the state’s Obamacare exchange.
Rick Scott : "Since I took office, we’ve created 76,800 jobs."
Barack Obama : "I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point."
David Stockman : Rep. Paul Ryan's budget proposal cuts "nothing" from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and "in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt."
Jim Moran : Graduation rates of players at major football colleges "are still twenty points below their male campus peers and worsened in the past three years."
Jeff Greene : "My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars."
Mike Pence : "Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana."
Eric Cantor : Dave Brat "worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaine’s Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Alex Sink "used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas."
The Family Foundation : "The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization."
Facebook posts : “Teachers are the number one occupation of the antifa terrorist organization according to the FBI.”
Viral image : While Americans pray for Paris, the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations.
Reince Priebus : Says Donald Trump's presidential victory was "an electoral landslide."
Facebook posts : “You must apply to get your second stimulus check! I’ve already filed for mine and will be receiving $2,000 a month for the rest of the year.”
Hillary Clinton : "More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia."
Facebook posts : “Herd immunity has been reached.”
Barack Obama : "By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion."
Steve Leslie : The University of Texas is starting "the first medical school at a major Tier One" university "in the last 50 years."
Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy : "In one Colorado hospital, 50 percent of newborns tested had marijuana in their system."
Nikki Haley : “The national debt is now bigger than our economy. That hasn’t happened since World War Two – and we’re in peacetime. Joe Biden is digging a hole America can never fill.”
Scott Rigell : "At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt."
Herman Cain : Says an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will "retire with a whole lot more money" than under Social Security.
Donald Trump : Poll watchers in Philadelphia “were thrown out.”
Chain email : The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 "would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents."
Facebook posts : A flag expressing support for police officers violates the U.S. Flag Code.
George Will : Most of the stimulus money will be spent "not this year, not next year, but in 2011."
Barack Obama : "If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars."
Donald Trump : “Joe Biden and Kamala Harris’ government-run health care plan… could lead to hospitals being closed, put Medicare coverage at risk, and give benefits to illegal immigrants.”
Bruce Rauner : "There’s more union jobs growing in Texas, which is a right-to-work state, than in Illinois, and factory workers make more money in Texas than they do in Illinois."
Gery Chico : "In Springfield, Susana Mendoza voted to hit working families with a massive new soda tax."
Chain email : A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
Johnny Isakson : "Since President Obama took office, gas prices have gone up 67 percent."
Rick Perry : "When you look at what we have done over the last decade, we created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, (the rest of) America lost 2.5 million."
Bruce Braley : "I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria."
Chain email : Unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age 50 to retire.
Stefan Mychajliw : "The (Erie Co., N.Y.) health commissioner makes more than the governor, the vice president of the United States, and has a salary that is comparable to Dr. Anthony Fauci.”
Rush Limbaugh : The children coming across the southern U.S. border "were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy."
Lou Greenwald : New Jersey has "the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average."
Facebook posts : "Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015."
Josh Mandel : "Sherrod Brown was just voted two years in a row the most liberal senator in the United States of America" and is more liberal than Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Tom Tiffany : Says federal regulation of the wolf population has led to attacks on livestock, driving down production, leading to dairy farms going out of business.
John Kasich : "Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times "
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott "raised property taxes."
Gene McIntyre : Says we will pay the new chancellor "a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employee’s benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar."
MoveOn.org : Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
Nancy Pelosi : The GOP tax plan "Sabotages the health care of 13 MILLION Americans."
Mitch McConnell : The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney "wants to end tax credits for wind producers."
John Ludlow : Says "As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars."
Mike Dudgeon : Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
Rodney Ellis : Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
Barack Obama : "The vast majority of marketplace enrollees have experienced no average premium hike at all."
Michele Bachmann : Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, "The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden was asleep and snoring during a TV interview.
Conor Lamb : Says he didn't take "corporate PAC money."
Phil Berger : Says former North Carolina elections board chairman "tried to drag a cancer-stricken woman out of her hospital bed to testify at her son’s hearing on the first day of early voting over a bogus complaint that the board hadn’t even fully investigated."
Donald Trump : "I’m proud to say that under my administration, as you just heard, we will be building the first new heavy icebreakers the United States has seen in over 40 years."
AmericanNews.com : "Oprah tells Fox News host ‘all white people have to die.’"
Bloggers : "Hillary Clinton has third heart attack — docs says she ‘won’t survive’."
Donald Trump : “There were no guns whatsoever” at the Capitol riot on Jan. 6.
Reince Priebus : "There's been no conclusive or specific report to say" Russia was trying to muddy the election.
Bloggers : "SHOCK REPORT: Senator McCaskill BUSTED Funneling Millions of Tax Dollars to Her Hubby."
EMILY's List : "Thom Tillis cut almost $500 million from education."
Bill Nelson : "Violent crime in Puerto Rico is on the rise as nearly one-third of the island remains without power."
John Barrow : Congress has spent 66 of the first 100 days of this term in recess.
Dana Milbank : "Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope."
Bob McDonnell : The U.S. economy is "recovering slower than Europe "
David A. Clarke Jr. : "When I was growing up as a kid in the city of Milwaukee, if we averaged 4 homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number."
Ted Strickland : Trade deals are negotiated in "secret" and, unlike corporate interests, politicians never invite "the leaders of the AFL-CIO or steelworkers or the mine workers to come in and sit down in these meetings."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden killed a Kelly Loeffler campaign staffer.
Kirsten Gillibrand : “Immigrants make up a majority of essential workers in places like New York City.”
Chris Christie : Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.
Viral image : “The minions from ‘Despicable Me’ are based off of these Jewish children tortured by Nazis during the Holocaust.”
YouTube videos : “Kobe Bryant Is Still Alive and Faked His Death LEAKED FOOTAGE”
Stephen Sweeney : "Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality."
Lindsey Graham : "The labor participation rate is at an all-time low."
Barack Obama : “The filibuster, if it does not get reformed, still means that maybe 30% of the population potentially controls the majority of Senate seats.”
Georgia Department of Public Health : "Georgia has the nation's fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : The estate tax "would punish family farms and small businesses, forcing them to be sold off instead of passed on to the next generation.”
Facebook posts : Says Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam is planning to cut off the electricity "so Virginia residents cannot reveal what is happening once gun confiscation begins to take place."
Peter Kilmartin : For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, "we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line."
Greg Abbott : "In Houston, Texas, there are more brothels than there are Starbucks."
William Barr : “We indicted someone in Texas, 1,700 ballots collected from people who could vote, he made them out and voted for the person he wanted to.”
Martin O'Malley : In the United States, we’ve had "12 years in a row of wages declining."
Facebook posts : “The blood test for coronavirus costs $3,200.”
Ted Cruz : Says Beto O’Rourke said he’s grateful that people are burning or desecrating the American flag.
Bloggers : "‘He’s low risk,’ said Obama before freeing ISIS leader al Baghdadi."
Nathan Deal : "We have almost 68,000 Georgia students who are required by law to attend a chronically failing school."
Barack Obama : Mitt Romney has "proposed cutting his own taxes while raising them on 18 million working families."
Ax The Bev Tax : "We offer a tremendous amount of low calorie, no calorie options, like waters, unsweetened products, low calorie diet items. All of which unfortunately are taxed by this tax."
Missouri Department of Economic Development : Among states, Missouri ranks "3rd (in) average yearly growth of high-tech industries."
Jim Moran : "American oil production is at its highest level since 2003."
The Tax Foundation : "We Really Do Have the Highest Corporate Tax Rate in the World."
Rick Perry : Says Texas high school "graduation rates are at an all-time high—the third-highest in the nation—which represents a significant turnaround from just a few short years ago."
Ashley Judd : "Pads and tampons (are) still taxed when Viagra and Rogaine are not."
Facebook posts : "THOUSANDS of fake votes found at Wisconsin Recount in Dane County."
Jim Sensenbrenner : "We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. It’s 35 percent."
Florida Conference of Catholic Bishops : "Unlawful presence (in the United States) is not a crime."
Ronna McDaniel : The census "for years and years and years, decades, has asked, ‘Are you a citizen of the United States of America?’"
Donald Trump : "We’re the most highly taxed nation in the world."
Mandy Cohen : There’s a “direct correlation” between North Carolina’s mask requirement and COVID-19 stabilization.
Mike Pence : “The reality is when you look at the Biden plan, it reads an awful lot like what President Trump and I and our task force have been doing every step of the way.”
Darren Jackson : "Expanding Medicaid would bring 40,000 jobs to North Carolina."
Peter Feigin : Says people are moving to Milwaukee “in record numbers”
Republican Party of Virginia : Gov. McAuliffe's budget would "raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA."
House Republicans : “President Biden says he wants to ban handguns.”
Mark Pryor : Says Tom Cotton’s vote in Congress to change Medicare "will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas."
David Dewhurst : Wendy Davis "was just doing a fund-raiser in Chicago with the international socialists organization."
Bloggers : Says "Cost of Mueller’s investigation: $3,200,000; Benghazi "investigation": $7,000,000; Trump’s golfing trips: $83,000,000; New debt from Republican tax bill: $1,500,000,000,000."
Mike Pence : Says Joe Biden and Kamala Harris support abortion “up to the moment of birth.”
Tim Kaine : "John McCain’s chief economic adviser during the ’08 race … estimated that Trump’s promises would cause America to lose 3.5 million jobs."
Nick Fish : Says "cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation."
Facebook posts : Michigan governor reopened Traverse City “so she could have her daughter's open house.”
Joe Biden : "The fastest-growing population in the United States is Hispanic."
Ted Cruz : "Today roughly half of born-again Christians aren’t voting. They’re staying home."
Facebook posts : A map shows “all the cargo ships backed up by the Suez Canal. Get ready for shortages and prices to skyrocket.”
Margaret Hoover : Regarding the surgery that saved Jimmy Kimmel's son, "Medicaid has stopped providing this kind of service."
New Jersey Democratic State Committee : Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money "for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips."
Pete Gallego : "Just two weeks ago, Congressman Hurd quit his post on the House Committee on Small Business saying that he was unable to find the time to serve."
Hillary Clinton : "I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California."
Ted Cruz : "There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trump's) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia."
John Nygren : Says Gov. Tony Evers "proposed raising taxes on the agriculture industry to pay for expanded welfare programs."
Chris Christie : Says "New Jersey's unemployment is significantly lower than it was when I got here. And we've created 50,000 new private sector jobs in the last 20 months after having lost 117,000 in the year before I got here."
Mark Warner : The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
Leonard Lance : "The Senate has not passed a budget in more than three years, not a good budget, not a bad budget, no budget."
Christopher Blazejewski : "In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day."
Donald Trump : Says Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio "had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didn't get anything" in the Florida primary.
Delaine Eastin : Since 1965, California has built "six (college) campuses but 23 prisons."
Monica Wehby : The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act "would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads."
Lamar Alexander : "Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma."
Tim Kaine : When Obama took office "the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years."
Beth Wessel-Kroeschell : "86% of Americans and 82% of gun owners support requiring all gun buyers to pass a background check."
Instagram posts : Photo shows a Chinese restaurant sign that says “F--- DeSantis.”
Rand Paul : "(Hillary Clinton's State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasn’t using the proper server."
House Republican Conference : Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would "place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment' — with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."
Charlie Crist : "Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican."
Mary Nolan : Says more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers.
Ron Wyden : Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
Barack Obama : "These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for."
Marco Rubio : "For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting."
Americans United for Change : The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
Barack Obama : "Gov. Romney's plan would cut taxes for the folks at the very top."
John Loughlin : Transporting drugs "is the price of admission" for people crossing the border illegally.
Glenn Grothman : "A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year" in public assistance in Wisconsin.
Chain email : Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whether Barack Obama is eligible to be President.
Steny Hoyer : "Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration."
Steve LaTourette : "For each $1 billion in infrastructure investment, 42,000 jobs are created."
Dick Greco : "Financed the largest parking expansion program without a rate increase."
Bloggers : Says Elizabeth Warren "was paid $400,000 to teach one class."
Mary Nolan : Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.
Lawrence O'Donnell : "The IRS has been specifically forbidden ...  from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies" for people who don’t purchase health insurance.
Bloggers : "Grandparents must pickup up all their grandchildren every weekend no matter what or they will be fined $5,000."
Robert Brown : "Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans."
Mitt Romney : "The mayor said … 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.' "
Mike Huckabee : "As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million."
Let Freedom Ring : Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
New Jersey Tea Party : "Since Obama took office, a net of 540,000 additional black Americans – Obama’s strongest supporters – have lost their jobs."
David Dewhurst : Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
Chris Jacobs : “While serving as Town Supervisor, Nate McMurray voted to raise taxes on homeowners.”
Kirsten Gillibrand : "I actually in 2005 ran on Medicare for all."
Gary Schaer : "Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants."
Donald Trump : "My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months."
Kris Jordan : "State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking."
Paul Ryan : "One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids don’t graduate."
Bill Ratliff : "We have one charter school that for seven years has been rated unacceptable."
Donald Trump : Obamacare has led to fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans.
Eddie Lucio, Jr. : Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
Rick Scott : "A recent study revealed that, across the nation, taxes would have to be increased by an average of $1,300 a year just to support the currently unsustainable public employee pension systems. In Florida, that dollar figure translates to $813 a year."
Donald Trump : In a government shutdown, "what they are really doing is shutting down our military."
Barack Obama : Thanks to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, "Vietnam is drafting and presenting unprecedented labor reforms, changing their Constitution to recognize worker organizations in Vietnam for the first time."
Chain email : "Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!"
Oregon Lottery : Says 97 cents of every dollar played "represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds."
Martha Raddatz : The Obama administration originally "wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort."
"Jimmy Anderson : Republicans on the budget-writing committee ""did nothing"" to address oversight of
large-scale farms, ""as literal manure is coming out of people’s faucets."
Viral image : Says a video shows drone footage of the killing of Qassem Soleimani.
Michele Bachmann : "We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare."
James Inhofe : Energy nominee Steven Chu has called coal "his worst nightmare."
Viral image : A photo shows two Italian nurses in a hospital a few days before they got COVID-19 and died.
Barack Obama : Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
Eric Burlison : Says SJR 11 "seeks to fix what is very quickly becoming a problem in Missouri — initiative petitions and referendums are being filed at record highs."
Mike DeWine : "Richard Cordray wants to raise your taxes by reversing President Trump's tax reform."
Viral image : A photo shows "brave women of the Red Cross" arriving in Normandy on D-Day to help injured troops.
Steve Bullock : "You look at today, only half the 30-year-olds are doing better than their parents were at age 30. When I was being raised, it was 90%."
Donald Trump : "Democrats let him (cop killer Luis Bracamontes) into our country," and "Democrats let him stay."
Bill Brady : Says that after "the last income tax increase in the state of Illinois, we saw the largest exodus of middle-income families."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children, he wasted over $250,000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governor’s mansion."
Josh Pade : "Wisconsin's still one of the highest-taxed states in the country."
Scott Rigell : Says Glenn Nye voted "in lock step with Nancy Pelosi" 83 percent of the time.
Bloggers : "Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America."
Facebook posts : A photo shows a recent White House event was actually filmed at Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta.
Facebook posts : COVID-19 vaccines are creating the coronavirus variants.
Bernie Sanders : "Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member."
NAACP : In the U.S., "African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites" on marijuana charges.
Progress Texas : Says two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative.
Mitt Romney : "President Obama is shrinking our military."
Graeme Zielinski : Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted "Happy International Women's Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions."
Joe Biden : "The health care numbers are going up."
Nathan Deal : The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be "huge" on Georgia.
Viral image : Says a photo of a park covered in trash was left behind by "environmentalists" after an Earth Day celebration in California.
Ted Cruz : "I have consistently opposed shutdowns."
Ed Garvey : Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: "It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets."
Bloggers : "FBI issues Warrant For Obama’s Arrest After Confirming Illegal Trump Tower Wiretap."
Bernie Sanders : Says Hillary Clinton voted "for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs."
Dan Branch : "Worked with Ronald Reagan and helped re-elect him."
Mark Pocan : "In the last decade, 73% of new jobs (in Wisconsin) have come from Madison."
Richard Ojeda : "We have lost more lives in the last two years" due to opioids "than all of the lives lost during the Vietnam War."
Marco Rubio : "Under N.Y. State ‘Assault Weapon’ ban 1 simple cosmetic change pictured here is difference between legal & banned"
Barack Obama : "Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012."
Snooki : "Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning."
Facebook posts : Says Hillary Clinton’s top 10 donors are mainly "banks, corporations and media," while Bernie Sanders’ top 10 donors are labor unions.
Bloggers : "In February alone there were enough illegal immigrants who crossed the border to fill this (Kansas City Chiefs’ Arrowhead) stadium."
Barack Obama : Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney "condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people."
Chuck Grassley : "If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, we're going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent."
Rahm Emanuel : "We've added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nation's obligations."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : Says the "public option" considered in the health care law backed by U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin was "wildly unpopular."
Viral image : "39% of All California Students are illegals."
Gretchen Whitmer : “During the flu pandemic of 1918, some cities lifted social distancing measures too fast, too soon, and created a second wave of pandemic.”
Viral image : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said, "We must block Trump from stopping the return of the heroic Alabama mother from ISIS. In many ways she is more of a hero then our veterans. Welcome home sister!"
Facebook posts : Says “Senator Joe Manchin hit (an) all time low saying seniors and the disabled did not need the relief package $1000 on Fox News.”
Wisconsin Republican Legislative leaders : Wisconsin is “clearly seeing a decline in COVID infections”
Newt Gingrich : Hillary Clinton said, "with a straight face, that the terrorist attacks this weekend were caused by Donald J. Trump"
Pat McCrory : Despite the passage of HB2, "towns, cities and counties in North Carolina are still allowed to set stricter non-discrimination policies for their own employees if they choose."
Alma Adams : “Almost 40% of borrowers with student loan debt didn't finish their degree.”
Steve McCraw : Since 2014, there has been a 25% reduction in crime in communities at the Texas-Mexico border.
Glenn Grothman : "Planned Parenthood is the biggest abortion provider in the country."
Sherrod Brown : Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio.
Traditional Values Coalition : The Employment Non-Discrimination Act "discriminates against Christian daycare, Christian parents, Christian business owners, and the rights of religious freedom."
Tammy Baldwin : Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the "deepest red districts in the state."
Jason Carter : Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
Nancy Pelosi : Says 70 percent of benefits in Donald Trump’s proposal for child care "go to the people making over $100,000 a year."
Ben Bius : Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the "driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against" gun freedoms.
Josh Mandel : Ilana Shafran Mandel’s stake in Forest City Enterprises "constitutes significantly less than 1 percent" of the company’s shares and any implication of a conflict of interest "is legally incorrect."
National Organization for Marriage : "Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage."
Rick Perry : "Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries."
Viral image : “Pick up a product. Look at the barcode. If the first 3 numbers are 690 or 691 or 692, the product was made in China.”
Congressional Leadership Fund : Says Sri Kulkarni attended “notorious desert drug parties” and was arrested for cocaine.
Scott Walker : Says he "turned down a Medicaid expansion under Obamacare," but because of actions he took, for the first time in Wisconsin's history "everyone living in poverty is covered under Medicaid."
Kirsten Gillibrand : "A black woman in New York City is 12 times more likely to die in childbirth than a white woman."
Joe Lieberman : In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
Facebook posts : Flights across America are backed up because airline crews are “refusing the mandated jab” and walking off boarded flights.
Amy Klobuchar : "Millions of Americans need mental health care. Yet in Iowa, there are just 64 public mental health care beds. And you see similar numbers across the country."
Independent Voice for Illinois PAC : "...Secret documents reveal that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon far sooner than we were told. And Tammy Duckworth voted ‘yes’ (on the Iran nuclear deal)."
Martavius Jones : "From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years."
Marco Rubio : "Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children."
Garnet Coleman : Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
Mitch McConnell : "This election actually was not unusually close."
Mitch Daniels : Says that in 41 states, government workers "are better paid than the taxpayers who support them."
Ron Dermer : "In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion" for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is "like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury."
Wendy Davis : Greg Abbott "heads up a party whose platform calls for the repeal of the Voting Rights Act."
Kelly E. Hastings : Said, "The Seven Years’ War led to near bankruptcy for many countries; Britain’s need to raise taxes fueled the American desire for independence."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Russ Feingold "wanted to get money out of politics. Now he's profiting from that same dark money."
David Crowley : "Child care costs account for 24% of a WI family’s budget."
Pat Boone : "This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending."
Chain email : Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
John McCain : Barack Obama said "people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan" then said "if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."
Corrine Brown : The high-speed rail project would create "60,000-plus jobs for Floridians."
Viral image : Quotes Ronald Reagan as saying, "Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempts to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary."
Anne Goodman : Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
Andrew White : "Fifty percent of our new" Texas "teachers don’t have college degrees."
Scott Walker : "According to the most recent report, Wisconsin’s high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country."
Sarah Palin : "I was banned from talking about" Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
Pat McCrory : The North Carolina bathroom bill "was really never repealed."
Instagram posts : A video shows “Dems caught not wearing masks” at the White House.
Jimmie Massie : In Virginia’s Medicaid program, "approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies."
Facebook posts : Says Aaron Hernandez' daughter is, by Massachusetts law, entitled to the remainder of his $15 million NFL contract because he committed suicide during his appeal, making his conviction "null and void."
Donald Trump : "Watch those GDP numbers. We started off at a very low number, and right now we hit a 3.2 (percent). Nobody thought that was possible."
Jim Moran : Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
Bloggers : Says MSNBC called the Florida governor’s race for Andrew Gillum before Election Day.
Viral image : Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Steven Landes : Medicaid expansion "could cost the Commonwealth of Virginia over $1 billion a year..."
Jon Huntsman : "In this country … we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil."
Breitbart : “Amy Klobuchar vows to resettle 500 percent more refugees, none in her neighborhood.”
Facebook posts : Says Taylor Swift wants to remove the Statue of Liberty
Donald Trump : Says 99% of COVID-19 cases “are totally harmless.”
Facebook posts : “The Social Security check is now (or soon will be) referred to as a ‘Federal Benefit Payment.’”
Richard Durbin : "The reality is, we are holding some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world right now in our federal prisons, including the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, the 'shoe bomber,' the 'Unabomber,' and many others."
Donald Trump : "Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldn't have been politically correct."
Facebook posts : Says the governors of Michigan, New York and Nevada “have issued orders banning the prescription of hydroxychloroquine to patients with COVID-19.”
Helen Glover : Phoenix is the kidnapping capital "of the Western Hemisphere."
John McCain : Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit.
Kendrick Meek : Marco Rubio says "Solo Ingles" (English only).
Bernie Sanders : "The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse."
Dan Sullivan : Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obama’s economic policies "97 percent of the time."
Charlie Crist : In 2012, the state "put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10."
ChangeAustin.org : Sarah Eckhardt "refused to take her own pay increases repeatedly."
Facebook posts : The COVID-19 vaccine is dangerous because 23 people died in Norway "within hours” of receiving it.
Fred Thompson : "Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all."
Michelle Obama : "Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes."
John Cornyn : “China is to blame because the culture where people eat bats and snakes and dogs and things like that, these viruses are transmitted from the animal to the people and that's why China has been the source of a lot of these viruses like SARS, like MERS, the Swine Flu and now the coronavirus.”
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
AmericanJournalReview.com : "Red Alert: Major Signs of Voter Fraud Uncovered In Ohio."
American Bird Conservancy : A proposed bill in the Florida Legislature "would authorize the public hoarding of cats by feral cat activists."
Jack Falanagan : Says New Hampshire’s second congressional district includes two counties where "almost 5 percent if not more" of residents are enrolled in the state’s expanded Medicaid program.
Morgan Griffith : "Originally, Democrats promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it. One year later we know that you need a waiver to keep your plan."
Hillsborough Area Regional Transit : The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
Crime Victims United of Oregon : Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
Rudy Giuliani : "The 'New York Times' writes this long story" about Donald Trump’s tax returns but "didn't point out there was no wrongdoing" until paragraph 18.
Gwen Graham : Florida’s coastal and stormwater infrastructure are "two of the most critical areas during a storm, and received D-plus and D ratings, respectively, by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2016."
Scott Walker : Since 1978, college "tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation."
Facebook posts : “BREAKING NEWS: All Charges Dropped for Kyle Rittenhouse.”
Facebook posts : “Drivers with no DUIs are getting up to $610 back in savings.”
Viral image : “A known antifa member” dressed as a Donald Trump supporter “and caused the Capitol riot” on Jan. 6.
Facebook posts : Says a photo of Pete Buttigieg in a military uniform was staged.
Fred Thompson : Sarah Palin "has more experience than Barack Obama."
Shelley Moore Capito : "Our economy is growing at its fastest pace in nearly four years. Unemployment is at an all-time low."
Michelle Nunn : In Georgia, Perdue’s company closed plants and moved jobs to China.
Better Future Michigan : Says Gary Peters "supports ‘Medicare for All,’ siding with radical liberals."
Lenny Curry : Says Barack Obama "promised he would cut the deficit in half" but didn’t.
Carly Fiorina : Says President Barack Obama is "not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House."
Brit Hume : The media "widely overlooked" comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.
Bloggers : Say Bill Gates is linked to HPV vaccine related deaths in India.
Donald Trump : "An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates."
Newsweek : "White men have committed more mass shootings than any other group."
Phil Gingrey : Since President Barack Obama took office, "2 million more Americans are out of work."
Tammy Baldwin : Says that except for Donald Trump, "every other major party nominee" for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.
Creative Advocacy Network : Says an arts tax would provide "funding for certified arts and music teachers for every elementary school serving Portland residents."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, "the highest gas price increase since Carter."
Facebook posts : Says Coca-Cola CEO James Quincey said, “A few right winged nuts won’t affect our bottom line.”
Facebook posts : “Italy has decided not to treat their elderly for this virus.”
Joe Barton : Says you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs "$10 a pop."
Andrea Stewart-Cousins : "New York consistently ranks as one of the worst voting turnout states in the nation."
Mitt Romney : "Under Obama’s plan (for welfare), you wouldn’t have to work and wouldn’t have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check."
Jane O’Meara Sanders : "@BernieSanders receives strong support from the conservative & most rural part of Vermont."
American Bridge 21st Century : Says Marco Rubio’s "proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges."
Viral image : “George Floyd’s ‘murder’ filmed before COVID-19.”
Stacey Campfield : AIDS was transmitted to humans because "one guy" had sex with "a monkey" and then started "having sex with men."
Carlos Gimenez : Miami-Dade is "the first community in the world to break the cycle of local transmission of the Zika virus."
Greg Abbott : Says crime is on the rise in Austin and a new study showed that it “is the No. 1 city in America in the year-to-year percentage increase in murders, with a percentage increase of more than 64% for the first half of this year.”
Stacey Newman : "Part of this omnibus gun bill that year (was) legalizing machine guns in the state of Missouri."
Facebook posts : “HOUSE PASSES BILL TO PAY U.N. TO RUN LOCAL POLICE BOARDS IN 46 U.S. CITIES.”
Chris Redfern : Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
Facebook posts : Says Sen. Kelly Loeffler said on Parler that “Black people shouldn’t be allowed to vote.”
Ted Cruz : "Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America" said it would "ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia."
Cokie Roberts : Democrats have "lost more than 900 state legislators" since Barack Obama has been president.
Sally Kohn : "Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit."
Brad Schimel : "We need an ID" to "buy a beer."
Nathan Deal : Republican candidate for governor "Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign."
Reince Priebus : Because of voter fraud, Republican candidates "need to do a point or two better" to win statewide elections in Wisconsin.
Democratic National Committee : "Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real."
Ken Legler : "Cell phone numbers go public this month."
Barack Obama : The Senate bill "hands enormous tax cuts to the rich and to the drug and insurance industries, paid for by cutting health care for everybody else."
Donald Trump : "Over the last two years, the number of murders in America and America’s major cities has dropped, unlike here (Chicago), by more than 10%."
Donald Trump : Under Joe Biden’s policy, immigrants in the country illegally “get welfare benefits. United States citizens don't get what they're looking to give illegal immigrants.”
Desmond Meade : "You could lose your rights for life over something as simple as driving with a suspended license" in Florida.
Bloggers : A photo shows a Mexican police officer "brutalized by members of this caravan as they attempt to FORCE their way into Mexico."
Jean Evans : "Constituents now face reality that all their personal issues will be made public" under Clean Missouri.
Facebook posts : “South Dakota, Idaho, Florida, Tennessee & Georgia are now mask FREE!”
Hillary Clinton : "I want to freeze interest rates for five years."
Jack Conners : "Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden "deserted you. … I guess he was born here, but he left you, folks. He left you for another state."
Joe Biden : “I can send every qualified person to a four-year college in their state for $150 billion.”
Paul Broun : Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
Edward Cox : New York has "the biggest outmigration of citizens of any state."
Drug Policy Alliance : Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison."
Michael Mule' : "Georgia has lost 14 percent of its jobs paying more than $50,000 a year and added 15 percent to its Medicaid rolls during the recovery."
Nancy Nusbaum : Says Sen. Robert Cowles, her recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants "not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors" with no oversight.
Joe Biden : "160 million people like their private insurance."
Lynn Westmoreland : Georgia has had ʺmore bank failures than any other state.ʺ
Donald Trump : "These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens. And it was 800. And now it turns out it might be 1,800, and they don't even know."
Facebook posts : Says four Republican representatives "voted to impeach President Donald Trump."
Miscellany Blue : Says a "lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for ‘cutting children into small pieces.’"
John Cornyn : The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline "has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year it's been up and running."
Rainbow/PUSH Coalition : In Georgia, "hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families."
Evan Jenkins : "All the things Patrick (Morrisey) is saying — (that I supported) Hillary Clinton, cap and trade, Planned Parenthood — PolitiFact went through each and every allegation and said, ‘False, False, False, False.’ "
Mitch McConnell : If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, "that's about the size of the post office work force."
Mike DeWine : Says Fran DeWine’s made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
Barbara Boxer : "Carly Fiorina, she's against banning assault weapons."
Barack Obama : "Medicare and Medicaid are the single biggest drivers of the federal deficit and the federal debt by a huge margin."
Greg Abbott : A lawyer demanded "several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons."
Rick Perry : "If you will go look up the definition of 'act of God,' we've used it in legal terms for a long time in this state."
Marco Rubio : Says his parents "came to America following Fidel Castro's takeover" of Cuba.
Orrin Hatch : The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
Donald Trump : Says Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez "called our country and our people garbage."
Jennifer Carroll Foy : “Two out of our last three governors in Virginia were investigated by the FBI. One went to jail and one is running for office again in this election.”
Trey Gowdy : "We were the last flag flying in Benghazi."
Barry Hinckley : U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse "rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses."
Martha McSally : Says she’s "leading the fight" to "force insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions."
Tony Evers : “It took the Legislature nearly 300 days to act on a (COVID-19) bill during this pandemic.”
Wesley Clark : The Pentagon's survey about the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy found that 92 percent of service members "agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat" without compromising "mission readiness."
Jonathan Harris : "You don’t see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical."
David Plouffe : The loan guarantee program that helped Solyndra "was a program that was supported by President Bush."
M.J. Hegar : Says U.S. Rep. John Carter "hasn’t held a town hall in five years."
Bloggers : “Type-2 diabetes gummies nets the biggest deal in ‘Shark Tank’ history!”
Mitt Romney : "The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin."
Gerry Connolly : "America owns 3 percent of the world’s oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves."
National Republican Congressional Committee : "Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."
Facebook posts : A judge has ordered a "HAND RECOUNT by an INDEPENDENT COMMISSION in the state of Michigan, following hard evidence of voting fraud by Detroit City Election Commission."
Donald Trump : Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, "we lost millions of jobs."
Susan Collins : "This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time."
Michael McCaul : More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than what's spent combating "Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America."
Donna Campbell : Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
Jim Renacci : Says Betty Sutton and House Democrats "gutted" Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare.
Connie Mack : "A small business in my district" needed "31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand."
Viral image : Says this photo shows Joe Biden kissing and biting a child on the cheek.
Bloggers : "There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K.," compared to "466 violent crimes per 100,000" in the United States.
Meg Whitman : Jerry Brown "gave California state employees collective bargaining powers" and "now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life."
Viral image : Businesses aren't allowed to ask customers if they’ve been vaccinated because “there are HIPPA laws.”
Facebook posts : "Study: hydroxychloroquine can boost COVID-19 survival chances by nearly 200%."
John Cornyn : "There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reid's been trailing in every single one."
Tucker Carlson : Democrats give "Newports to the homeless to get them to the polls."
Donald Trump : "America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world."
Donald Trump : "A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans."
Jon Richards : "Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years."
Ben Carson : "Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building."
Cory Gardner : "It's been since 1888 that a Senate of a different party than the president in the White House confirmed a Supreme Court nominee."
Joe Biden : “We’re sending back the vast majority of the families that are coming.”
Campaign to Defend America : John McCain and George Bush have "absolutely no plan for universal health care."
Young Americans for Liberty : "Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt."
Bloggers : Says Tampa Bay Lightning hockey player J.T. Brown was "fired after raising fist during national anthem."
Sander Levin : Says the inspector general for the IRS said there was "no political motivation" and "no outside influence" for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups
Facebook posts : Says “Fallon (Fox), a transgender MMA fighter, has now broken 2 female opponents’ skulls,” and shows a photo of Fox alongside an MMA fighter with a severely bloodied face.
Paul Broun : "The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job."
Greg Abbott : There have been "at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump was back on Twitter as of May 2021.
Tweets : Says “Jeff Bezos will put 300 (metric tons) of carbon into the atmosphere for 180 seconds in space.”
Ron DeSantis : "Recent reports state that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has apprehended several members of known Islamist terrorist organizations crossing the southern border in recent years."
Glenn Grothman : A provision in the first bill passed by House Democrats would "allow the billions of dollars of aid we send to other countries to be used for abortions."
Scott Walker : "In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication."
Joe Biden : Says he was the first person to call for invoking the Defense Production Act.
Viral image : “No one has died of cancer or heart disease since the COVID-19 thing started.”
Rick Perry : "If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you can’t find enough trucks to flee the Golden State."
Jeff Fitzgerald : Says 15,000 IRS employees "have to be added to administer ‘ObamaCare’ and look at the tax implications."
Kasim Reed : My office is about a 300-step walk to the governor's office.
Hillary Clinton : "Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino."
Tim Kaine : Says when he was governor, "we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent."
Rick Perry : "I belong to the AFL-CIO."
Jim Renacci : "Since President Obama took office, our federal spending has increased by nearly 30 percent and our national debt has increased by almost 50 percent."
Bloggers : Says actor Morgan Freeman said, "Jailing Hillary" is the best way to "restore public faith in government."
Facebook posts : There are “22 million illegal aliens living in America and ... voting illegally.”
Janet Murguía : "We’re at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ... this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States."
Hillary Clinton : "Donald Trump says he'd deport 16 million people."
Mark Pocan : Says Betsy DeVos and her family "have donated extensively to groups which promote the idea that students who identify as LGBT must undergo 'conversion' therapy."
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad : It's "not true" that since he's been the president, executions in Iran have increased by four times.
Robert Gibbs : "There are no earmarks" in the stimulus bill.
Abigail Spanberger : Says Dave Brat "voted against protecting pre-existing conditions."
Bloggers : "Intensifying Hurricane Willa headed directly toward 10,000 migrant caravan path."
Committee to Defend the President : Says Mitt Romney voted against convicting President Donald Trump because Burisma board member Joseph Cofer Black “is Romney’s national security advisor” and because of ties to Obama CIA director John Brennan.
Jim Francesconi : Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
Jay Webber : Says "our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. We're over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government."
Tommie Pierson Jr. : Says "zero" African Americans have presented to the House Budget Committee in 2019.
Facebook posts : “Biden did not win legally.”
Atlanta Police Foundation : "Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009."
Florida Strong : Says Andrew Gillum "oversaw a 52 percent increase in murder."
New Jersey Assembly Democrats : Gov. Chris Christie caused a 4.1 percent increase in property taxes in 2010, marking the highest increase since 2007.
PuppetStringNews.com : "Charlottesville car attacker is anti-Trump Antifa supporter."
Facebook posts : Shows a waitress saying, "I lost my job. But I'll sleep better knowing” that the coronavirus relief bill included funding for the Kennedy Center, refugee resettlement, PBS, and congressional salaries: “Thanks, Democrats”
Scott Walker : "(Mary) Burke’s company," Trek Bicycles, "makes 99% of their bikes overseas."
Russ Fulcher : "Idaho was the only Republican-led state in the nation that chose to partner with President Obama" by creating a state-based marketplace under the Affordable Care Act.
Miami Seaport Alliance : David Beckham’s proposed soccer stadium at Miami’s Port "threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries."
George Allen : Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning "as little as $17,000."
Michael Turner : Some "20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions" as a result of "political favoritism and backroom deals."
Jeff Sessions : The immigration bill "has a specific provision that says that Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses not to."
Michael Bloomberg : "The soda tax can make a difference by reducing consumption of unhealthy soda pop and sugary beverages."
Viral image : Says a photo shows CNN chyrons that read, "Democrats ask, ‘Why even have a Second Amendment?'" and "CNN Exclusive: China cracks down on pro democracy demonstrators."
Raúl Castro : Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
Donald Trump : The 9/11 terrorists' friends, family, girlfriends in the United States "were sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television."
Nick Fish : Says "we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates."
John McCain : "Over half" of science, technology, engineering and mathematics students "receiving advanced degrees are not citizens of the United States of America."
Ted Strickland : "Ohio’s electricity rates are 10 percent below the national average."
Ralph Nader : "The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama."
Bill Gates : The "highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent."
Chris Christie : "I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001."
Rex Tillerson : "The president early on called on NATO member countries to step up their contributions ... and as a result of that countries have stepped up contributions toward their own defense."
Jon Ossoff : "I've got five years of experience as a national security staffer in the U.S. Congress."
Bloggers : "US representatives promise implement of UN gun-control plans"
Tom Graves : "The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails."
Margaret Carlson : Rick Perry "has advocated abandoning Social Security, scuttling Medicaid and ending the federal income tax."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "The Ryan budget gets rid of Medicare in 10 years and turns it into a voucher program."
Campaign to Defend America : McCain and Bush are millionaires who are "for tax cuts for millionaires."
Matt Flynn : Says he was "not part of transferring" any priests accused of sexual abuse.
Rush Limbaugh : "Alexander Hamilton was an immigration hawk."
West Virginia Republican Party : "We have more women in the workforce than ever before."
Facebook posts : Milwaukee "incarcerates 1.2% of white men" and has "incarcerated over 50% of black men in their 30s."
Zack Space : A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says “Lucy McBath voted to release criminals from prison. Murderers, rapists.”
Facebook posts : Says the "bones of children" were found on Jeffrey Epstein’s island.
Bloggers : Says Nancy Pelosi said, "If impeachment fails, I will resign immediately."
Ron Johnson : “Depending on which study you look at, either 68% or 5 out of 6 individuals ... are making more on unemployment than they did on the job.”
Randy Forbes : "Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt."
Facebook posts : Says certain states are banning the sale of alcohol.
Tom "Smitty" Smith : "Texas has 600,000 registered voters who don’t have the kind of photo ID needed to vote."
Bloggers : “NYC man drops dead in middle of street — suspected coronavirus!”
Marsha Blackburn : Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
Patrick McHenry : "Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi tweeted that she was disgusted with Donald Trump over taxes
Laurence Ehrhardt : If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the "health risk of 'flicker' impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures."
Becoming American Initiative : Says Ronald Reagan said immigrants "brought with them courage and the values of family, work, and freedom. Let us pledge to each other that we can make America great again."
John McCain : Obama "voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."
Ron Johnson : The GOP’s health bill will protect people with pre-existing conditions "every bit as well as Obamacare did."
Donald Trump : "The American military has been completely rebuilt under my administration at a cost of $2.5 trillion."
Bloggers : "Bill Clinton passed a law in 1996 that separated children from adults illegally entering America."
Eric Cantor : Says a "liberal" immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat.
Harry Houck : "The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later."
Ron Ramsey : "This year’s redistricting has been the most open, interactive and transparent redistricting process in Tennessee history."
Conservative Stories : "Just in: John Kerry facing prison."
Joe Cunningham : "Nancy Mace denies climate change."
Mike Bost : Says Brendan Kelly "spent his career" supporting Nancy Pelosi.
Marco Rubio : Administrative employees at colleges and universities have "more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1."
Adam Putnam : San Francisco and Takoma Park, Md., are "allowing illegals to vote."
CNNews3.com : The HIV virus has been "detected in Walmart bananas after 10 year old boy contracts the virus."
Florida Democratic Party : Says David Jolly "supports privatizing Social Security."
Richard Corcoran : "Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance."
Facebook posts : Says presidential candidate Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said, "Social Security must (be) expanded to illegal immigration, it’s their right."
Ron Klein : Allen West called Social Security a "Ponzi scheme" and said "this country's got to get on sound footing by destroying it."
Barack Obama : "8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation."
Barack Obama : "My position hasn’t changed" on using executive authority to address immigration issues.
CSC Mediagroup.USA : Democrats "booed families of children murdered by MS13."
Donald Trump : “Our doctors get more money if somebody dies from COVID. … So what they do is they say, ‘I'm sorry, but, you know, everybody dies of COVID.’"
Facebook posts : Anti-poaching organizations dye elephant tusks and rhino horns with “the same pink dye that is used to mark stolen banknotes.”
Jeff Sessions : "Just last May, the Department of Justice inspector general found that these (‘sanctuary city’) policies also violate federal law."
Sean Hannity : The Obama administration is "cutting back on defense"
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation."
Michael McCaul : "1 in 100 people are sociopaths."
Alexander Strenger : Says 60 percent of Austin’s "waterways are found to be contaminated with fecal matter and deemed unsafe to swim."
Antonin Scalia : "Most of the black scientists in this country don't come from schools like the University of Texas. They come from lesser schools."
The Gateway Pundit : “WHO admits their testing grossly overstates individuals testing positive for COVID.”
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden said, “Buy a man eat fish, he day, teach fish man, to a lifetime."
Bill Flores : PolitiFact Texas says "Congressman Edwards' attacks on Bill Flores are false."
Scott Walker : Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
Chain email : Says Russian President Vladimir Putin got a standing ovation from the Duma after he gave a speech saying Muslims are "taking over" other countries but won't take over Russia.
Tim Pawlenty : "The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... it’s fair to say the science is in dispute."
Loranne Ausley : "(Jeff) Atwater's bank was so weak that just a few months ago it was shut down by the FDIC."
E. Gordon Gee : West Virginia has "the nation’s lowest workforce participation rate, which hovers around 50 percent, when the national average is about 63 percent."
Kelda Helen Roys : Says "political interference" from Scott Walker’s administration has led to "gagging (DNR) scientists so they can no longer comment on proposed legislation" and "we’re letting polluters write their own permits."
Pam Bondi : Of the 98 top oxycodone-dispensing doctors who used to live in Florida, "today, there are none."
Viral image : Says Andy Rooney wrote a long commentary defending prayer and Christianity in the United States.
Bloggers : Lady Gaga announced she would cover her face "until Trump gets fired from office."
Facebook posts : "Satan flashed in the halftime Super Bowl satanic ritual."
Facebook posts : Says “Hunter Biden had 25,000 pics of him torturing and raping children under age 10 in China on his laptop.”
Matthew Dowd : "Job growth and stock growth for the first two years of Trump are down from where they were (during the) last two years of Obama."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump has "bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times."
AFSCME : "While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions."
Paul Ryan : "Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years" while it " went up $5,000" under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts
PatriotCrier.com : "(James) Comey knew murdered DNC staffer, Seth Rich, was WikiLeaks source & covered it up for Hillary (Clinton)."
Bloggers : "Christian Pastor in Vermont Sentenced to One Year in Prison After Refusing to Marry Gay Couple"
Rush Darwish : Says U.S. Rep. Dan Lipinski “voted against the DREAM Act, supports separating families and banning Muslims.”
Mary Burke : Says Scott Walker "gave $6 million in tax breaks to a corporation and told them that they can keep that money even if they lay off half their workforce."
Chain email : Obamacare "will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally."
Ufconly : "Police discover meth lab in back room of Alabama Walmart."
Doug Jones : In April, when asked how he would handle the COVID-19 pandemic, Tommy Tuberville "said he didn't have a clue" and after winning the Republican nomination in July, "he still said he didn't have a clue."
Mitch McConnell : Says he "voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act) than Obama's agenda will allow."
Bobby Scott : "Studies show at the minimum wage, you can’t rent a two-bedroom apartment anywhere in the United States...a modest, two-bedroom apartment."
Donzella James : Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation.
Barack Obama : When Obama was interviewed by American reporters in Asia, "Not one of them asked me about Asia. Not one of them asked me about the economy."
Ernest Almonte : Seth Magaziner "plans to spend billions more of your money."
Mike Huckabee : "Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income."
Todd Starnes : “Word on the street is that Joe Biden got tonight’s debate questions in advance.”
William O'Brien : Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger was "an active participant in the Ku Klux Klan."
Facebook posts : “Biden agrees to Pelosi's request to resign.”
Joe Pojman : "The State of Texas is funding … women’s health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years."
Republican Party of Virginia : Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
Barack Obama : "FDR was called a socialist and a communist."
Amy Klobuchar : "We're now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. We've surpassed Saudi Arabia."
Donald Trump : Says he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton "in a landslide" in "every poll."
Instagram posts : Says Greta Thunberg said, "the climate crisis doesn’t exist."
David Sutton : Says "excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers."
Tommy Thompson : By eliminating the public intervenor’s office, "I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk."
Facebook posts : “Says authorities found 39 children in a double wide trailer in Georgia and it's not the biggest news story in America.”
Joe Biden : "You have to have congressional authority" to close Guantanamo Bay prison.
Sherrod Brown : Says Donald Trump "proposes tax cuts, too -- $3 trillion for millionaires like himself and $2 trillion for corporations like his."
Wendy Davis : "One in every three women has an abortion during her lifetime."
Bloggers : Refugees are throwing rocks and trying "to kill you."
Bernie Sanders : Says Congress gave Wall Street "trillions of dollars of zero interest loans."
Paul Workman : Says Holly Turner "failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries."
Kesha Rogers : Says President Barack Obama was responsible for "the assassination of at least four American citizens" in drone strikes.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of "Obamacare."
Tammy Baldwin : Says VA doctors are "censored from being able to talk to their patients" about marijuana, even in states where it is legal for medicinal use
Viral image : Photo shows Facebook’s “community standards team.”
Joe Manchin : West Virginia "has the highest overdose rate per capita of any state in our nation."
Facebook posts : "There is a group going to homes and pretending to be officials from home affairs. They have documents with the letterhead Department of Home Affairs and claim to be confirming that everyone has a valid ID for the upcoming census. They are robbing homes."
Jeff Judson : Texas has the sixth-highest property taxes in the nation.
Hillary Clinton : The Bush administration has "the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again."
Donald Trump : Says William Taylor and George Kent, the public witnesses in the House impeachment inquiry, are "Never Trumpers."
John Cornyn : "The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating."
Viral image : Says Al Jazeera tweeted, “#BreakingNews Taliban started abducting minor girls from their home. The parents who are refusing to give their daughters to Taliban are being killed by Taliban fighters.”
Rick Scott : "At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined."
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : “Every single swing-seat House Democrat who endorsed #MedicareForAll won re-election or is on track to win re-election. Every. Single. One.”
Chelsea Handler : "Elijah Cummings’ house was broken into after Trump publicly attacked him on Twitter."
Republican Party of Florida : Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein "gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crist’s appointments of key state judges."
Cory Booker : "In 2017, we had more marijuana possession arrests in our country than all other violent crimes combined."
Scott Walker : Says Tony Evers wants to give in-state tuition and drivers licenses to "illegal aliens."
Donald Trump : Models projecting COVID-19 deaths “are talking about without mitigation.”
Scott Peters : The estimated price of President Trump’s border wall is the same as the cost of "one and a half aircraft carriers."
Donald Trump : "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!"
Facebook posts : Says the sons of Nancy Pelosi, Mitt Romney and John Kerry are all on the boards of "energy companies doing business in Ukraine."
Al Cardenas : Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, "only 10 percent was for disaster relief."
Terry McAuliffe : "Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions" from Virginia public schools.
Steve Oroho : Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
Facebook posts : Hospitals get paid more to list patients as COVID-19.
American Bridge 21st Century : Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
Michael Eric Dyson : "We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men."
Republican National Committee : "The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!"
Charlie Justice : "The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion" in the 2009 session.
Robert Menendez : "When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against women’s health care in our state."
Gail Collins : Says award-winning Milwaukee Public Schools teacher Megan Sampson was laid off because Gov. Scott Walker cut state aid to education.
Tulsi Gabbard : Says immigrant military service members applying for U.S. citizenship "are getting rejected at higher numbers than those who are not veterans."
Mark Obenshain : "Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount."
John DePetro : "Although the governor doubled the beach fees . . . all the money, as we found out, is all going to an out-of-state company. The state isn't even getting the money for that."
Oregon Transformation Project : Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
Club for Growth : When the New Hampshire Legislature raised the gasoline tax, gas prices in the state were "skyrocketing."
Bloggers : "Trump welcomes Jamaica as a U.S. territory"
Facebook posts : “Pfizer vaccine now completely worthless in Israel as >80% of all COVID-19 patients were previously vaccinated.”
ECONorthwest : "Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing."
Bill O'Reilly : Muslim nations did not "call out" the people who celebrated the 9/11 attacks.
Facebook posts : “Bikers show up to The Walter Reed Hospital to pray for President Trump.”
Oregon Republican Party : Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.
Bloggers : "Malia Obama arrested with a gang of thugs in Chicago."
John McCain : In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling "did not cause any real difficulties."
Kevin McCarthy : "Half of everyone that’s here illegally (in the U.S.) came here legally on a visa and have overstayed their visa."
USA Snich : "Pope Francis To Followers: 'Koran And Holy Bible Are The Same' "
Washington State Democratic Party : Says congressional candidate Dino Rossi once suggested "the state build homes for unwed mothers."
Facebook posts : A collection of photos shows animals caught in the Australia wildfires.
Facebook posts : "Today President Obama said there will NOT be a National Day of Prayer in May."
Jesse Ventura : "There’s 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They don’t have to wait until they’re 65."
Robert Gibbs : Says Mitt Romney "has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures."
Donald Trump : “No candidate has ever won both Florida and Ohio and lost.”
Barack Obama : "I just want to assure [you] we're not talking about cutting Medicare benefits."
Bloggers : “Stanford study results” show face masks are ineffective and dangerous.
Al Roker : "(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement."
The Patriot Report : "Bill Clinton’s hitman confesses on his deathbed."
Michael Bennet : "The vast majority of Americans believe that climate change is real and we need to do something about it."
Ted Cruz : The Senate immigration bill "has immediate legalization ... and the border security is sometime in the future, and just like in 1986, it's designed never to come into being."
Tom Graves : "America's wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes."
Crossroads GPS : "Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether."
Viral image : Selene Delgado Lopez is “everyone’s friend in Facebook.”
Winning Our Future : Mitt Romney is worth "at least a quarter billion dollars" and the bulk of his wealth "remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts."
Jerry Brown : "Here are the facts: there is no massive wave of migrants pouring into California. Overall immigrant apprehensions on the border last year were as low as they’ve been in nearly 50 years (and 85 percent of the apprehensions occurred outside of California)."
Stacey Abrams : Says under her leadership, "Democrats fought to ... make sure the (2011 HOPE) bill ... prevented the use of ACT/SAT testing standards."
Facebook posts : Says Trump volunteered his airline to bring troops home during Operation Desert Storm.
Bloggers : Says Quaden Bayles committed suicide.
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney "just gave a speech a few weeks ago" and said "we should still have troops in Iraq."
Scott Walker : Says Tom Barrett plans "to spend $100 million on a trolley that goes barely two miles on the east side of Milwaukee."
Bob McDonnell : "It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs."
Donald Trump : "Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. … The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time."
Mike Lee : The FCC’s net neutrality policy includes what is "essentially a massive tax increase."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow "left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants."
Renewable Fuels Association : Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
Barack Obama : AARP is "endorsing" the health care reform bill.
Claire McCaskill : "Due to the recent downturn in steel production, more than 13,600 Americans have been laid off and the steel industry is facing billions in losses."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Colorado Democratic congressional candidate Morgan Carroll "racked up $11 billion in new spending" in the state Legislature.
Tennessee Democratic Party : Says Marsha Blackburn "voted against military pay raise."
Bloggers : "North Korea is telling its people that their men’s national team is in the World Cup final."
Patrick Morrisey : "You (Evan Jenkins) said your philosophy was ‘progressive mainstream’ back in 2003."
Dick Cheney : "President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'"
Mary Jordan : "The president's party always gets shellacked in midterms. It's only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the president's party actually gained in both the House and the Senate."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : Says Wisconsin Republicans “pushed for long lines and polls open for one day only.”
Carly Fiorina : One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows "a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, 'We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.' "
Nathan Deal : "Over the last 10 years, Georgia's public health has declined."
Randy Neugebauer : "Ninety-four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the Democrats' plan."
Tweets : "Reagan took the deficit from $70 billion to $175 billion. Bush 41 took it to $300 billion. Clinton got it to zero. Bush 43 took it from zero to $1.2 trillion. Obama halved it to $600 billion. Trump’s got it back to a trillion."
Joe Biden : "There was virtually no new business investment" after the 2017 tax law. "The bulk was used to buy back their own stock."
Bloggers : Republican-leaning states get more in federal dollars than they pay in taxes.
Texas Right to Life : University of Texas students "signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old."
María Teresa Kumar : "Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year."
Joe Biden : “There was no effort” to get American experts into China after it announced the coronavirus, and “we had one person in-country (and Trump) pulled him out of the country.”
Donald Trump : "Smart! 'Kuwait issues its own Trump-esque visa ban for five Muslim-majority countries.' "
Rose Ferlita : Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn "supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers."
Iowa Republican Party : “Millions of Hubbell and Bloomberg dollars wasn’t enough to overcome the Iowa House Republican avalanche of success."
Gail Collins : Texas "ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies."
Michael McCaul : Western Europeans "can fly in the United States without even having a visa."
We Are Milwaukee : Says "millions of dollars in tax breaks" were paid for "by busting unions, cutting BadgerCare, and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class, thanks to Elizabeth Coggs' help."
Viral image : Quotes Beto O’Rourke as saying, "If I could throw two kinds of people in the garbage it would be the elderly and wounded veterans. When a tool breaks you don’t fix it, you throw it in the damn trash."
Chris Abele : 90 percent of Americans "support universal background checks" for gun purchases.
Anonymous cyber-squatter : After laying off 30,000 people, Carly Fiorina said that in retrospect, "I would have done them all faster."
Roberto DaSilva : "Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation."
David Miliband : "The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians," and that they weren’t contributing economically. "The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits."
Nan Rich : "Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state."
Al Gore : If we got solar energy from "an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year."
Facebook posts : Says wearing face masks is more harmful to your health than going without one.
Scott Walker : "In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth."
Wick Moorman : "More than ever our nation and the traveling public rely on Amtrak for mobility."
Tom Barrett : Says Gov. Scott Walker made "draconian cuts" to public safety budgets that put police officers at "greater risk of harm."
Democratic National Committee : The Republican Party has "21 percent party ID and shrinking."
Mitt Romney : The Trump administration worked to free 5,000 Taliban prisoners.
Raymond LaHood : "There's going to be a slowdown and delays in flights" as a result of the sequester.
Mitt Romney : At Bain Capital, "we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised."
Vicky Hartzler : Current school lunch requirements "cause large amounts of food waste and diminished use of school lunches!"
Heather Beaven : John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
George Allen : A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
Rick Perry : Scientists are "questioning the original idea that man-made global warming is what is causing the climate to change. … (It is) more and more being put into question."
Jon Brien : Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because "residents are paying through the nose for electricity that’s fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing."
Ed Schultz : Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin "who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight."
Tom Tiffany : Says Department of Health Services Secretary Andrea Palm is a “career bureaucrat with no past ties to Wisconsin.”
Michael Skindell : Says that  in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements "and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date."
Jason Smith : "Check out the record of #jobs created by #TaxCuts 7.8 million new jobs after Bush’s 2003 tax cuts 12 million new jobs after Kennedy's 1964 tax cuts 14.8 MILLION new jobs after Ronald Reagan’s tax cuts in 1981."
Facebook posts : A list of 11 names are “Marines that gave their lives this week for everyone in this country. There is no media for them, not even a mention of their names.”
Tom Barrett : When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation.
Gilberto Hinojosa : "The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it."
Facebook posts : Says the Obamas are connected to the Varsity Blues college admissions scandal.
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden was “wearing a wire” during the first presidential debate.
Nikki Bowmar : Small businesses in West Virginia make up "99 percent of the total number of businesses in the state" and employ "nearly 50 percent of the state’s workforce."
Michael Screnock : Says Rebecca Dallet "has talked about her interest in advocating for policies that need to be changed to achieve her political objectives."
Dan Bishop : Says there are “indications of grossly improper conduct from election officials right here in my district.”
Barney Simms : "Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not."
Gary Johnson : "Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low."
Marco Rubio : Of the more than 1.3 million temporary mortgage modifications, over half have defaulted.
Americans United for Life : "In 2010 alone, 1,270 infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year."
John McCain : "He voted twice for a budget resolution that increases the taxes on individuals making $42,000 a year."
Facebook posts : Video shows Seattle police in uniform “vandalizing” a building “to frame protesters.”
Facebook posts : Says that Olive Garden is "funding" President Trump's 2020 re-election campaign.
Steve Southerland : Says Gwen Graham "was a Washington lobbyist."
Missouri GOP : Says Sen. Claire McCaskill was named "most likely to be the most unpopular senator in the United States for four months in a row!"
Barack Obama : "When these same Republicans –- including Mr. Boehner –- were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down."
Donald Trump : "You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails."
Bloggers : Melania Trump echoed Hitler’s wife when she said: "I hate to see children separated from their parents like this . . . but we can hardly blame Donald."
Phil Gingrey : The federal government can tell General Motors what to charge for its automobiles.
Terry McAuliffe : "The $1.8 billion in [transportation] bonding, we don’t have a repayment mechanism."
Bernie Sanders : "When you throw 23 million people off of health insurance -- people with cancer, people with heart disease, people with diabetes -- thousands of people will die. … This is study after study making this point."
Paul Ryan : All 28 members of NATO have "pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us."
Charlie Crist : Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
Rick Scott : "We are poised to get rid of over 1,000 more regulations in 2012."
Roger Williams : Says U.S. House opponent Michael Williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district he’s seeking to represent.
Phil Gingrey : When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
Bobby Scott : "After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding."
Facebook posts : A McDonald’s restaurant in Elkton, Md., was permanently closed “due to a sex trafficking investigation.”
Chris Dodd : "We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children."
Donald Trump : Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich is "very unpopular."
Donald Trump : "Yesterday we had the strongest dollar in the history of our country."
Rahm Emanuel : "Chicago now has the highest employment in the private sector in the history of the city."
Chain email : When Obama went to Pakistan in 1981, he could not have been traveling as a U.S. citizen.
Martha McSally : “Mark Kelly criticized the (Paycheck Protection Program), then turned around and took money for his own multi-million dollar company.”
Tweets : Says Daniel Radcliffe has the coronavirus.
Darrell Steinberg : "90,000 Californians are unsheltered and homeless."
Stephanie DeSilva : "[Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Doherty's case, in a little over a week."
Jesse Ventura : "Fluoride in the water, that was originally done by the Nazis!"
Charlie Crist : The economic "turnaround started at the end of my term."
Allan Fung : "We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000."
Allen West : In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, "you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each."
Tommy Thompson : Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde "refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court."
Kim Guadagno : Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
TikTok posts : “As of today, no one has the right to film or photograph Mr. Biden as he climbs the flight of stairs. New White House spokesman orders!!?”
Courageous Conservatives PAC : "When Chuck Schumer and Marco Rubio tried to push amnesty, it was Ted Cruz who stopped them."
Brian Kolfage : Says Sarah Jeong said, "We need a castration lottery for white men. Every month we pull a birthday, sort the excess and snip some sacks, preferably in a big public gathering."
Republican National Committee : In Pennsylvania, President Barack Obama’s policies have increased unemployment 19 percent, led to the loss of 37,900 manufacturing jobs, and left 189,000 more people in poverty.
Ron Paul : Says that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they "doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education."
Joe Scarborough : The health care reform bill "is the largest tax increase in U.S. history."
Barack Obama : "If you're one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance."
Marina Dimitrijevic : The Milwaukee County Board approved a reform package by a 15-3 vote, "meaning Board Supervisors’ salaries will be cut by 20 percent" and "the Board’s budget will be cut by 50 percent."
Rand Paul : Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he "now is against earmarks."
Future PAC (Oregon House Democrats) : "Newgard owed more than $13,000 for unpaid taxes on his $1 million Milwaukie apartment complex."
Ted Cruz : Says Donald Trump "brings in hundreds of foreign workers to replace Americans."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Joe Biden groping a woman.
Andrew Cuomo : "We’re losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak."
Newt Gingrich : "Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions."
Mike Villarreal : Texas "children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching."
Rick Perry : Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he "pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history."
Bernie Sanders : Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because "there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill."
Ed Schultz : "Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade."
Viral image : "Unions did not create" the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. "Henry Ford did."
Mark Harris : Rep. Robert Pittenger "stood against funding for the border wall."
Bobby Scott : (Rep. Bob Goodlatte's) balanced budget amendment does not require a balanced budget.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Says Gov. Rick Perry was for Wall Street bailout before he was against it.
Facebook posts : “U.S. Census Bureau confirms huge conflict in total number of voters in 2020 election.”
Carlos Curbelo : Social Security and Medicare are "a Ponzi scheme."
MacIver Institute : “Bad math (is) driving Wisconsin’s exploding positive test rate.”
Butch Conway : The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriff’s Office mirrors the community it serves.
Tammy Baldwin : Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson said he wants to "do away with Medicare."
Atlanta Journal-Constitution : The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers’ electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
Jeff Wentworth : "We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have" concealed handgun licenses.
Bill Belichick : Atmospheric conditions could push a football’s pressure "down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch."
Florida Chamber of Commerce : The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
Starbucks : "White people control almost 90 percent of the nation's wealth."
Public Citizen : “Taxpayers spent $70,000,000 to develop this drug ( remdesivir)."
Bloggers : Ninety million Americans either aren’t working or aren’t looking for work.
Facebook posts : "Hillary ignored multiple requests for security, didn’t respond for 13 hours, & let 4 Americans die in Benghazi. Trump rushed in reinforcements, threatened to destroy Iran, & made sure no lives were lost in Baghdad."
Crystal Quade : Missouri "had the largest amount of millennial Democrats running than any other state in the country."
Facebook posts : Says Jerry Nadler said “God has no authority in the House of Representatives”
Gwen Moore : Milwaukee has "the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country."
Newt Gingrich : "No one in American history has moved from a June 16 announcement to a May 26 winning of a majority. Trump's achievement is remarkable."
Mike DeWine : "During the Strickland-Cordray era, taxes were raised by $800 million and Ohio lost 400,000 jobs."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers."
One Wisconsin Now : Says state schools superintendent candidate Don Pridemore "voted for the largest cuts to public education in our state history" and for "$2.3 billion in tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy."
Mike Huckabee : Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
Bloggers : "Trump warns Russia over Jehovah’s Witnesses ban and urges members to seek asylum in the U.S."
Steve LaTourette : "Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know who's done OK and who's not complaining today? The public sector. We've gained 590,000 public sector jobs."
Sean Spicer : Says Paul Manafort "played a very limited role" in the Trump presidential campaign.
Facebook posts : Says Ohio Gov. Mike DeWine released 4,300 prisoners and is now warning residents of a possible crime wave.
Joe Biden : Says there was a “28% increase in children to the border in my administration” and “31% … in 2019.” The increase in migration in January, February and March “happens every year.”
Kathleen Clyde : "Ohio has one of the highest provisional ballot rates in the country, and many of them go uncounted each election."
Dana Loesch : "4.7 million people have lost their insurance in 32 states" due to Obamacare.
Frank Brogan : Says Anthropology is a STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) field.
Brad Avakian : "In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. That’s just wrong."
A.J. Jacobs : Says President John F. Kennedy released a star Green Bay Packer from military reserve duty so that he could play in the 1961 NFL Championship Game.
Ben Carson : The number of people who "believe in socialism ... is increasing."
Ben Carson : Pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been "too many in too short a period of time."
Antonio Villaraigosa : "Seventy-seven of the top 300 cities with the highest poverty rate" nationwide are in California.
Carly Fiorina : "Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women."
Bart Stupak : "While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long."
Crossroads GPS : Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
Lamar Smith : During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
Saxby Chambliss : "When we lower tax rates, we generate more in revenues. That happened in '86 with the Reagan plan, happened in 2001, following the Bush plan."
Chain email : Barack Obama is the "first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect."
Pete Gallego : "This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation."
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee : Says U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., "opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago."
George LeMieux : "Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt."
Brad Avakian : Says "We do about 300 investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about $150,000 of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly."
Richard Burr : "The pace of missile development between (Kim Jong Il and Kim Jong Un) has increased the testing about twenty-fold."
Ron Johnson : "California, New York and Massachusetts, they represent about 20 percent of the population, they get close to 36 percent of Obamacare funding. It's just simply inequitable."
Sid Miller : Says Barack Obama was happily photographed holding a T-shirt with revolutionary Ernesto "Che" Guevara’s face on it.
Leonard Lance : "Recently we have seen our government debt grow by $3.4 trillion during the first 29 months of the Obama administration -- the equivalent of about $4 billion per day."
Andrew Gillum : Says Ron DeSantis has not revealed $145,000 in receipts of public taxpayer money.
Barack Obama : Says his deficit plan "made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and we're putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are "willing to jeopardize seniors’ access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare" to pay for a "big-government healthcare takeover."
Viral image : Walmart, Amazon, Kroger, Target and Costco “have not had any reported (coronavirus) cases in the news.”
Jeff Sessions : "One out of every 30 people in the Greater Boston area is an illegal alien."
Charlie Crist : "BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state."
Shawn Lindsay : Says, "Yet in Salem they have traditionally waited until the money is almost gone to pay for the most important things in our state’s budget."
Joe Biden : Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan’s budget proposal "eliminates Medicare" in 10 years.
Chris Devaney : President Obama campaign surrogate Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley "acknowledged that we are not better off than we were four years ago."
Harry Reid : On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
H204TEXAS PAC : Proposition 2 on November’s Texas ballot "does not cost state taxpayers any money."
Tammy Baldwin : "When the Affordable Care Act was signed, 17 million American children" had a pre-existing condition and were "uninsurable."
Facebook posts : Says Kathy Hochul is Nancy Pelosi’s stepsister.
Facebook posts : "As some of you may know I am the recent $3.4 million lotto winner. I’d like to spread some positivity so I’m sending $1,000 to the first 100k people that share this."
Greg Abbott : Says the "last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi passed a bill awarding a $9 billion contract to her husband’s company.
Newt Gingrich : Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
Viral image : The daughter of a Donald Trump appointee posed as an El Paso shooting victim in a photo with the president.
Bloggers : Says "Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is resigning from the post of associate justice of the Supreme Court."
Mike Tate : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "slashed" pensions and benefits for public employees.
Hillary Clinton : "Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters."
James Lankford : "Tax revenue went up, actually, $14 billion last year after the tax cut actually occurred. We had greater revenue."
Hillary Clinton : "F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bush's leadership."
Donald Trump : “No state in the country verifies United States citizenship as a condition for voting in federal elections.”
Ted Cruz : Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
Buddy Roemer : Says Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one.
Brian Fitzpatrick : “We’ve got to give the American public a rough estimate of how long we think this is going to take, based mostly on the South Korean model, which seems to be the trajectory that we are on, thankfully, and not the Italian model.”
Facebook posts : A serial killer is on the loose in Virginia.
Richard Hudson : Says Democrats want to give $54 billion in foreign aid, and Trump is only asking for 10 percent of that "to secure our border and build a wall.
Marco Rubio : Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be "in favor of birthright citizenship" but is now against it.
Progressive Change Campaign Committee and Democracy for America : A Waushara County school closed because of state budget cuts supported by Republican Wisconsin state Sen. Luther Olsen.
Scott DesJarlais : Defends his vote to push "retirement age to 70" by saying he is for "a process" that would not be fully implemented until "around the turn of the century."
Nancy Pelosi : "More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women."
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack IV has been "a promoter for Hooters with a history of bar room brawling, altercations and road rage."
Texans for Economic Development : "Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year."
Lamar McKay : A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them."
Amy Klobuchar : "We’ve had a 30% increase in suicides in this country in just 15 years."
Bernie Sanders : Real wages "went up last year 1.1%."
Donald Trump : Says that when his supporters chanted "send her back" about Ilhan Omar, he stopped it.
Glenn Hegar : "We have 650 people who move to Texas every day."
Andy Gronik : Wisconsin is "dead-last in creating new businesses" for "three years in a row."
Central Falls Police Department : "Statistics show one male cat can father 420,000 kittens in five years."
Ted Cruz : Says Barack Obama "began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour."
Rick Scott : "Vice President Biden threatened a foreign country and forced them to fire a prosecutor who was investigating a company," that paid his son Hunter.
Matt Damon : "Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation."
Ted Strickland : Ohio has "created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And that's due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio."
BillHislam.com : Says that Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam "has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of Islamist (sic) and their radical ideology as long as he is governor."
Donald Trump : Wisconsin is “run by Democrats right now,” so they should address election social distancing concerns.
Instagram posts : A six-month study from Pfizer shows that its vaccine “reduces severe COVID symptoms/hospitalizations by .1%.”
Charles Krauthammer : Buried in the Affordable Care Act is "a huge government bailout."
Jon Huntsman : Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal went from President Barack Obama's desk to "the garbage can."
Facebook posts : “Coronavirus vaccinations seem to be causing 50 times the adverse events of flu vaccinations after just the first of two shots.”
Tim Kaine : Bill Clinton presided over "the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II."
Bill Nelson : At the same time gas prices have increased, "the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years."
Facebook posts : "If you’ve been exposed to the stomach flu," you can avoid getting it if you "drink 3 glasses of 100% grape juice a day for 3 days. It changes the acidity in your stomach. ...This really works!!"
Joseph Testa : "About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite" when the sales tax was enacted in the '30s.
Raymond Gallison : "Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote."
Lone Star Project : "(Pete) Sessions has held at least two fundraisers at adult-themed clubs and made no apologies."
Facebook posts : Says if you're refused service at a store for not wearing a mask “call the department of health and report the store. Masks are suggested, not required.”
Martha McSally : “Of course I will always protect those with preexisting conditions. Always.”
Democratic National Committee : Since Rick Perry became governor, "poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5% — which is higher than the national average."
Rick Scott : "Before this (federal health care) law was enacted, Florida parents ... were able to purchase inexpensive 'child-only' coverage for their children. The law’s 'consumer protections' have now eliminated that choice in Florida."
Facebook posts : Quotes President Donald Trump as saying, “Everybody says I’ve done a tremendous job with COVID… I think a little gratitude would be nice. Maybe a big ‘Thank you Mr. President’ is called for.”
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland "voted himself health care for life."
Jeb Bush : The debt "comes up all the time in town meetings ... but it's never asked in the debates. It's really weird. It hasn't been brought up."
Josh Mandel : Sherrod Brown "gave huge bonuses to executives."
Mitt Romney : "Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president."
Ward Armstrong : Appalachian Power Company is making "record profits."
Pat McCrory : Says Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and "the FBI is not even being told where they are."
Randy Hopper : Says Wisconsin Senate recall candidate Jessica King "voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by 63 percent."
George Allen : "Tim Kaine announced he wants to raise taxes on everyone."
Bob McDonnell : "We expanded charter" schools.
John Boehner : "The Social Security trust fund … is already facing imminent bankruptcy."
Mike Parson : “Right now we have over 40,000 new jobs in a little over 18 months” in Missouri.
Marco Rubio : Says Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubio's stance on abortion for women infected by Zika.
Bloggers : Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
Rick Scott : "Americans are traveling to Canada to pay 12 times less for insulin than they would here in the US."
Kevin Nicholson : "Tammy Baldwin cosponsored legislation that wanted to establish the Department of Peace and Nonviolence."
Bloggers : The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
Chain email : The Democrats' health care bills would provide "free health care for illegal immigrants."
Bobby Scott : "Today’s minimum wage worker making $7.25 an hour has less buying power than a minimum wage worker in the 1960s."
Jim Jordan : "Federal, state and local governments have subsidized the production of the Volt to the tune of estimates between $50,000 and $250,000 per vehicle sold."
Don Blankenship : Says illegal immigration is "costing us $130 billion a year to house and feed and give benefits to people that shouldn’t be even in the country."
Facebook posts : “Pelosi was in (Wuhan) China 6 days after the impeachment HOAX failed.”
Top Stories USA : "Christine Blasey Ford claims that she called a friend on her cell phone after the ‘attack’ in or around 1982."
Jeb Bush : "A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices … Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited."
Sylvester Turner : "Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America."
Will Weatherford : The Legislature needs to spend $500 million to "shore up" the pension fund this year and the next 28 years to keep it "afloat."
Barbara Boxer : "Fiorina's plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare."
Elaine Boyer : "[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior."
Barack Obama : "The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support."
Facebook posts : Says Mitt Romney’s top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obama’s top five are technology companies and universities.
Instagram posts : Photo shows Bernie Sanders at the 1969 Stonewall riots.
Joe Biden : "Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan."
Lindsey Graham : Says House Democrats leading the impeachment inquiry are "denying President Trump basic fairness and due process accorded every American."
Betty Sutton : "Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made."
Sean Duffy : Vermont had to "scrap" its single-payer health insurance program because it was "going bankrupt."
Richard Paglia : "We already pay the highest electricity prices in the country here in New England."
Michele Bachmann : "President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times."
Renee Unterman : "Gwinnett Medical Center is operating in the negative," in part, because of illegal immigrants.
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Says Rebecca Dallet is a "hypocrite" because she "took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her."
Rudy Giuliani : "America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence."
Barack Obama : Obama says his health care plan is "universal."
Kamala Harris : Says she "sued Exxon Mobil" as California attorney general.
Act for America : HR 1 will allow members of Congress to draw a second salary “worth an estimated $600,000 per year!”
Vern Buchanan : The national debt "has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."
Bloggers : Says "Kurt Russell supports Trump" by wearing a Trump T-shirt.
Verified Politics : Says Sen. Mitch McConnell's delay in seating Alabama Sen.-elect Doug Jones "is a flagrant violation of Senate policy, which requires Jones assume office the instant one of them wins the election."
Joe Biden : "We made parity between mental health and physical health. It was a fundamental breakthrough in how we thought about how things should work."
Roy Cooper : "One legislative Republican’s district gets almost all the school supply funding."
Debbie Dooley : "Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk."
Viral image : Photo shows Rachel Levine’s family.
Nathan Deal : Says Jason Carter has "gotten David Axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor."
Bloggers : Mexico is providing professional charter buses for the migrant caravan.
Adam Putnam : An Obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to "offer them cell phones."
Facebook posts : Says George Soros was an “SS in the National Socialist German Workers Party. Nazi Party.”
Ending Spending Action Fund : Michelle Nunn’s "foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists."
Donald Trump : Video shows California election workers "cheating" by collecting ballots from drop box on Nov. 4.
Tweets : “Black Lives Matter of Atlanta Charged with Wire Fraud, Money Laundering and Allegedly Using almost 500k in Donations For Personal Use.”
Donald Trump : Says ICE and border patrol officers "unanimously endorsed me for president."
Toni Preckwinkle : Says Susana Mendoza is a supporter of the death penalty who could administer it herself and "‘...sleep like a baby at night…’"
Roman McAllen : "The Railroad Commission of Texas has nothing to do with railroads."
Joe Biden : "There's only four senators senior to me ... there's still 44 older than me."
Rick Perry : "More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth."
Cory Booker : Says the U.S. Senate is “dominated by millionaires” and that he is “not one of them.”
Arizona House Democrats : Says Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use "taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards."
Wolf Blitzer : The words "subhuman mongrel," which Ted Nugent called President Barack Obama, were used by the Nazis to "justify the genocide of the Jewish community."
David Plouffe : Says "Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000" to the Clinton Foundation.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is "a constituent of mine."
Ron Paul : "Torture is illegal by our laws. It's illegal by international laws."
Ted Cruz : "I have not insulted Donald personally."
Republican Governors Association : Accuses Ed FitzGerald of "pay-to-play and corruption politics."
Bloggers : "(George) Soros Provides Migrants With Prepaid Debit Cards To Fund Illegal Journeys"
Scott Walker : Says "Eric Holder and his group came in and made" the Wisconsin Supreme Court race "highly partisan."
Joe Donnelly : Says Mike Braun has supported two proposals and a lawsuit to end coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.
Rand Paul : "Over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts."
Dick Morris : A North Carolina study proves that "probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election."
David Sciarra : Says over the last two years, New Jersey Schools Development Authority employees "have not started or completed one single school project, and I’m not talking about major school renovation. I’m talking about replacing boilers, roofs."
Restore Our Future : Newt Gingrich "co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting China’s brutal one-child policy."
Viral image : Says Maxine Waters said: “I say, we knock off Trump and then, go after Pence. We have the power.”
Chris Christie : Says Ronald Reagan "was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states."
AmericanJournalReview.com : "James Clapper Flips On Live TV, Admits Obama Behind Entire Russia Witch Hunt! (Video)"
Rick Santorum : After prenatal diagnosis, "90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted."
Elizabeth Warren : "Last year, 36 million Americans didn’t have a prescription filled because they couldn’t afford it."
Robby Mook : "In last week’s debate, Bernie questioned Hillary’s commitment to fighting climate change because a whopping 0.2 percent of the money given to our campaign has come from employees of oil and gas companies. Not even 2 percent, mind you: 0.2 percent."
Elizabeth Warren : "If we make no changes over the next 10 years, Americans will reach into their pockets and pay out about $11 trillion on insurance premiums, copays, deductibles and uncovered medical expenses."
JD Wooten : "Republicans in the General Assembly cut teacher pay so much when they took over in 2011 that even with recent pay raises, we are still below pre-Recession pay levels."
YourNewsWire.com : "Texas Church shooter was Antifa and wanted to start (a) ‘communist revolution.’ "
Americans for Responsible Solutions : "Most people in New Hampshire want to raise the minimum wage. (State Rep. Marilinda) Garcia opposes it."
Donald Trump : As governor, Tim Kaine "oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase."
Bloggers : "Just in: 45 states just banned Sharia law"
Chain email : "The Congressional Budget Office -- supposedly non-partisan -- estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four (from cap and trade) will be $6,800 per year."
Club for Growth : Democrats in the Legislature in 2009 voted for various "pork projects" including "a $5 million scoreboard for the Milwaukee Bucks."
Paul Krugman : "One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation."
David Perdue : The Castro regime ‘violated international norms’ by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
Steve Adler : "Local authorities in 43 states refused to honor more than 16,000 detainer requests from ICE from October 2013 to December 2015. Only in Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Maine, Montana, Vermont and Wyoming did local officials honor all requests, and detainers are relatively rare in those states."
Chain email : President Barack Obama "is the first president to keep a dog-trainer on retainer for $102,000 a year at taxpayer expense."
Tim Kaine : "Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ..."
Sid Miller : Texas agriculture is "at 98 percent efficiency" in water use and "just about maxed out as to what we can do on the conservation end of it."
Josh Hawley : Says activists threatened his family and “screamed threats, vandalized, and tried to pound open our door.”
Facebook posts : Says Winston Churchill said, "You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life."
Karl Rove : Says that in Texas, Republican nominees "get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average."
Bernie Sanders : "No, that’s a mischaracterization of my thinking."
Alan Grayson : "In the past two years in Congress, I’ve written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House."
Viral image : "Health and Human Services admits they have never conducted federally-required monitoring of vaccine safety for over 30 years."
Mitt Romney : "More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama."
Bloggers : “Hillary Clinton hanged at GITMO.”
World Food Program : "Food waste is the 3rd largest contributor" of greenhouse gas emissions.
Phil Scott : "Every county, including Chittenden, has fewer people available for work."
Matthew Rosendale : The intent behind the bill recognizing Juneteenth as a federal holiday "is to replace the Fourth of July.”
Loretta Weinberg : Says six of the state’s 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christie’s budget cuts.
Donald Trump : "The person that shot Ashli Babbitt — boom — right through the head — just boom — there was no reason for that."
Barack Obama : Republicans "don't think it's a good idea" to make the child care tax credit "stronger."
Facebook posts : “Nurse passes out on live TV after taking vaccine.”
Rob Hutton : A "study showed as many as one in four people have had a package stolen from their residence."
Bobby Jindal : Says Hillary Clinton opposed an individual mandate and favored an employer mandate back in 1993.
Hillary Clinton : "Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy."
John McCain : Democrats' budget resolution would raise America's tax bill by "$500-billion."
Mary Burke : New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has "fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth."
Tim Kaine : "The national economy was strong in its largest expansion of private sector jobs before President Trump came into office."
John Cornyn : "Sen. McConnell offered a fully paid two-month extension of unemployment insurance."
Austan Goolsbee : John Boehner has called for "repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people."
Empower Texans : In 2005 and 2007, " Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League)."
Mark Warner : "There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now it’s three."
Facebook posts : “40 years of research, and no vaccine for HIV. At least 100 years of research and no vaccine for cancer. Ongoing research and no vaccine for the common cold. Now in less than a year, there's a vaccine for COVID-19?”
Mike Tate : A Republican budget proposal "would have Wisconsin have the weakest standards for who can be a teacher in the classroom in the country."
Bernie Sanders : Says Mike Bloomberg “opposed modest proposals during Barack Obama’s presidency to raise taxes on the wealthy, while advocating for cuts to Medicare and Social Security.”
Newt Gingrich : In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an "$850,000 penalty."
Donald Trump : "NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a disaster for Pennsylvania."
Randy Forbes : "The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old."
Donald Trump : "I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering" as the World Trade Center collapsed.
Rick Perry : Since 2000, Texas has reduced "harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent, and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average."
Donald Trump : The U.S. "doesn’t make television sets anymore."
Bloggers : “World Health Organization wants to BAN all women aged 18-50 from drinking alcohol.”
Citizen Action of Wisconsin : Says "people who come to" their dissent actions "get a ‘cease and desist’ letter" from Ron Johnson's office.
Angel Taveras : "Providence graduation rates are up."
Aaron DeGroot : Says Kate Cloonen "needs that extra $68,000" lawmaker salary on top of the "$8.5 million in state contracts for her construction company."
Freedom Partners : Sen. Jeff Merkley "voted six times for more debt."
Mitt Romney : "More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history."
Facebook posts : Says guns are required to be registered.
Mike Haridopolos : "Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education."
Rick Scott : "Charlie Crist signed into law an automatic 15 percent annual tuition increase that put college further out of reach for many Floridians."
David Sewell : Says he "never" donates to Democrats while Paul Workman "contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans."
John Bradley : Says Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty "has never prosecuted a single adult felony case."
Bloggers : New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
Mary Taylor : "Ohioans can expect to pay up to 41 percent more for their insurance premiums when Obamacare takes effect next year."
Jerry Brown : "Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog."
Anita Perry : Only "four countries in the world… allow abortions after 20 weeks" of pregnancy.
Donald Trump : Says Iranian Gen. Qassem Soleimani "was a designated terrorist by President Obama, who didn't do anything about it."
Mike Pence : “President Trump marshalled the full resources of our federal government from the outset. He directed us to forge a seamless partnership with governors across America in both political parties.”
Bernie Sanders : “It has been estimated that only 12% of workers in businesses that are likely to stay open during this crisis are receiving paid sick leave benefits as a result of the second coronavirus relief package."
Bernie Sanders : "The wealthiest three families now own more wealth than the bottom half of the country."
Peter Kinder : "After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg"
Sean Spicer : "There's one (study) that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens."
Donald Trump : "I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book."
Viral image : Says Bill de Blasio is "banning hot dog sales to stop climate change."
Adam Putnam : Says Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gillum "wants to make Florida not a sanctuary city but a sanctuary state."
National Association for Gun Rights : "Marco Rubio's 'red flag' gun confiscation bill" calls for guns to be confiscated "without due process, based on unsubstantiated accusations."
Facebook posts : Says fluid milk production limitations mean grocery stores are short on milk even as farmers are dumping it
Yard sign : Says President Obama "has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined."
Ann McLane Kuster : Says Rep. Charlie Bass, R-NH voted to "raise his own pay" eight times
Freedom Defense Advocates : The Mormon religion has "a plan that will see the Constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy."
Ron Wyden : "Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon."
Instagram posts : Sudden Infant Death Syndrome “is absolutely a side effect of vaccination.”
Donald Trump : "When Abraham Lincoln made the Gettysburg Address speech, the great speech, do you know he was ridiculed? He was ridiculed."
Pat Toomey : "We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now."
Wendell Young : House Bill 991 "could lead to the opening of as many as 2,000 new liquor stores."
Debbie Mucarsel-Powell : Says Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez “approved a 67% pay raise for himself and increased his own pension. He makes $250,000 a year, more than almost every big-city Mayor in the country. He also kept his taxpayer-funded Mercedes-Benz after slashing $400 million in government jobs and spending.”
Janel Brandtjen : “Children don’t seem to be getting this virus”
Joyce Beatty : In Ohio, "each year an estimated 1,000 children become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk."
Ron Johnson : "Every couple days we have a caravan size group of people apprehended trying to come into the country illegally, or coming to the ports of entry without documentation."
Robin Vos : "In the city of Milwaukee, we’ve still got a mayor and a police chief who are furloughing police officers at a time when we have violence all across the city."
Donald Trump : "I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama, just look at the facts. Total Fake News!"
American Beverage Association : "The new beverage tax will increase the cost of sodas, juice drinks, sports drinks, iced teas, and flavored water up to 50%."
Ted Nugent : "We’ve got four Supreme Court justices who … signed their name to a declaration that Americans have no fundamental right to self-defense."
Jeb Bush : "Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida."
Marco Rubio : Hostages were released as soon as Ronald Reagan took office because Iran perceived that America was "no longer under the command of someone weak."
Scott Walker : Says Tony Evers "wants to cut Wisconsin's prison population in half, a dangerous plan that today would mean releasing thousands of violent criminals back into our communities."
Frank Caprio : Says Lincoln Chafee "settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise."
Chris Christie : Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Ted Cruz : The Iran deal "trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves."
Rick Scott : "Recently, Florida has successfully reduced the environmental permitting time down to just two days."
Jackie Speier : Says President Donald Trump as a candidate mentioned WikiLeaks "over 160 times in speeches" in the last month of the campaign.
Tim Pawlenty : "Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000."
Tom Barrett : Says "Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill."
Mitt Romney : Says that under President John F. Kennedy, "government took up" 27 percent of the economy, and today it "consumes 37 percent."
John Robitaille : "Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010"
John McCain : It's "common knowledge" that al-Qaida is receiving training from Iran.
Ted Strickland : "Kasich’s trade deals cost Ohio thousands of jobs - 49,000 jobs to Mexico, 91,000 to China."
Cory Booker : The ACLU didn't call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
Terry McAuliffe : "Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one."
Bud Chiles : "Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state."
Reince Priebus : "Her campaign and her supporters in her campaign were the ones that borne out the birther movement."
Facebook posts : Quotes Trump as saying, "Fine you boo me DC? Go #Astros, Texas loves me, I get the best kind of love there. I’ll be renaming the White House the Orange House."
Todd Staples : "More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined."
Facebook posts : “Trump’s farmer bailout is now twice the size of Obama’s GM bailout. The big difference is GM paid their bailout back — with interest.”
Blue Oregon : Says "Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregon's children."
Sherrod Brown : "Understand, this is unemployment insurance. It’s not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when you’re working. You get help when you’re not."
Facebook posts : “Portland goon squads were Blackwater contractors not federal officers.”
Gwen Graham : "So far this year, more students have been killed in schools than soldiers in combat zones."
Rick Perry : "Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage."
Lowell Holtz : "Our minority graduation rate went from levels below Milwaukee and Madison, to above 80%" when I was Beloit school superintendent.
Tim Kaine : Says "Donald Trump proposes to deport 16 million people, 11 million who are here without documents, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to get rid of birthright citizenship."
Chris Sununu : "The Democrats are very sly. … (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, they’re busing them in all over the place."
Usain Bolt : Zika mosquitoes "can’t catch me."
Bill Fischer : "Full marriage equality [would provide same-sex couples] with about 1,700 rights."
John Kasich : "We’re the seventh highest taxed state in America. And that’s not just state, it’s local as well."
Tweets : While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
John Thrasher : "We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor."
YouTube videos : “Old C-SPAN footage of Joe Biden introducing man in blackface.”
Facebook posts : A photo of Pete Buttigieg in a military uniform without visible patches shows that “he is a fraud.”
Pete Buttigieg : "More than 80% of Republicans think we ought to at least be doing universal background checks."
Tim Kaine : Republicans tried to block the deficit commission.
Dan Gelber : "Pam Bondi told a group of lobbyists she’ll side with corporate special interests as attorney general."
Let Freedom Ring : Says Obama flip-flopped on withdrawing troops from Iraq.
Amy Schumer : "You can absolutely get a gun if you have several felonies as long as you buy it on the Internet or at a gun show."
Battleground Texas : Says Dan Patrick has "called immigration into Texas an invasion" and "said immigrants coming into Texas bring ‘third-world diseases.’"
Bernie Sanders : "Tell me what Madeleine Albright’s position was on the War on Iraq. I wouldn’t be surprised if she supported it."
Ron Paul : Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
Republican Party of Texas : Jim Dunnam "has not lived in the district he represents for years now."
Hank Johnson : "The United States imprisons more than any nation in the world."
National Women's Law Center : "In every state, women are paid less than men."
Tom Brady : “More suicide deaths than coronavirus death past two months.”
Tom Price : "Medicare began as a public option and now holds 97 percent of the market share."
Sheila Harsdorf : Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore "opposes any limit on taxes."
Claire McCaskill : "If Donald Trump would stay home from Mar-a-Lago one weekend, it would pay the entire meals on wheels budget for the state of Missouri for almost two years."
Bill Richardson : As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, "I created reserves of home heating oil."
Facebook posts : Japan’s prime minister met with Vice President Kamala Harris holding a Trump 2024 sign and wearing a red baseball cap.
Bernie Sanders : "In Malaysia … many of the workers are indentured servants because their passports are taken away when they come into this country and are working in slave-like conditions."
Facebook posts : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez's net worth is “over $1 million.”
Ken Cuccinelli : Half of illegal immigrants "come on legal visas and then overstay."
Nick Freitas : Abigail Spanberger and other Democrats “voted to spend public funds on their political campaigns; up to $5 million...”
Laura Ingraham : Americans "invented the automobile."
Greg Abbott : "Our wind and our solar got shut down ... and that thrust Texas into this situation where it was lacking power at a statewide basis.”
Jennifer Horn : "The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state."
Tweets : Queens voters received pre-marked ballots for Joe Biden.
Charlie Kirk : “Three Chinese nationals were apprehended trying to cross our Southern border illegally. Each had flu-like symptoms. Border Patrol quickly quarantined them and assessed any threat of coronavirus.”
Tom McClintock : Three presidents in the last century — Harding, Kennedy and Reagan — all cut taxes during recessions and produced "rapid and dramatic economic recoveries," while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did "the opposite."
Paul Krugman : Says that "data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New York’s, about as bad as California’s, but not quite up to New Jersey levels."
Gina Raimondo : "I fought 38 Studios from the beginning."
Hillary Clinton : "Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs."
Nathan Deal : "One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol."
John Eaves : "This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years."
Kathy Tran : "Right now, women are able to access an abortion in the later stages of their pregnancy under certain conditions with approval of their medical doctors. I’ve done nothing to change that."
Lynn Westmoreland : "It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans’ phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so."
Wendy Davis : Women "are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas."
Jim DeMint : "A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith."
Barack Obama : Families are paying $900, on average, "in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."
Alex Sink : "Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade."
Rick Perry : Says Bill White "profiteered in the aftermath of Hurricane Rita."
Alan Hays : "The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6."
National Republican Congressional Committee : "As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution."
Facebook posts : "During Obama's first five years as president, black unemployment increased 42 percent. During Reagan's presidency, black unemployment dropped 20 percent."
Louise Slaughter : Says "by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels."
Patriot Majority USA : Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis "supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it."
John Boehner : "It’s gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker."
Multnomah County Library Foundation : Says library district would come "at no direct cost to the city budget."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Health care reform: "Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care."
Lone Star Project : Says that like Todd Akin, all Texas Republicans in U.S. House cosponsored a bill "that attempts to distinguish between ‘forcible rape’ and other sexual assaults."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks.
Facebook posts : Says a 392-year-old shark was discovered in the Arctic Ocean
Marco Rubio's heckler : Says Marco Rubio took "three quarters of a million dollars from fossil fuel executives" during the 2016 Senate election.
Trusted Leadership PAC : "Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasich’s) super PAC."
Bob Good : “Wearing masks has not been demonstrated to make a significant impact in preventing the spread of COVID.”
Joseph Kyrillos : "We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We don't talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs."
Joe Biden : Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan — we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
Donald Carcieri : Repealing the sales tax on boats in Rhode Island has spawned 2,000 companies, 7,000 jobs and close to $2 billion a year in sales activity.
Jeff Fitzgerald : "Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill" will have to "give up the same amount of pay" as other state employees.
Texas secession petition : Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
Mayors Against Illegal Guns : "Rep. Frank Wolf voted to allow terror suspects to buy guns."
Marsha Blackburn : A recent Gallup poll found that 72 percent of Americans and 56 percent of Democrats "say the biggest threat to our nation's security is big government."
Raymond Frank : Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
Nancy Pelosi : Says the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals.
Lee Fisher : Rob Portman is "the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China."
Bill Kristol : Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
Rebecca Bradley : Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend "who was then my friend" in a family law case is "something that lawyers do on a regular basis."
Amy Schumer : "Anyone who knows you can just" look it up to "see if you voted."
Bill Clinton : "One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class" during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagan's presidency.
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden “made it clear..No More Coal Fired Power Plants!! So, No More Coal!! Wake Up WV, PA,OH, KY”
Dan Kaufman : A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to "fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste."
Texas Veterans Commission : Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
Robert Hagan : "We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,"
Jon Erpenbach : "In general, it appears" Wisconsin’s right to work bill would "likely apply to" the Green Bay Packers players and their union.
Josh Mandel : "Boyce gave (a lobbyist’s) wife a sensitive job in the treasurer’s office, a job Boyce admitted he only made available at their mosque."
Donald Trump : Children are “almost immune from this disease.”
Donald Trump : "Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America."
Jason Conger : Says "there are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started" the War on Poverty.
Joseph Kyrillos : "We've got the highest corporate tax rate in the world."
Bernie Sanders : “When Fidel Castro came into office, you know what he did? He had a massive literacy program.”
Chain email : Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to "provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to 'confuse' the 2012 re-election campaigns."
Jeb Bush : Says that during his eight years as Florida governor, "we created 1.3 million net new jobs -- more jobs created than Texas."
Leah Vukmir : Says Tammy Baldwin’s "Medicare for All" plan means senior citizens would "no longer have" Medicare.
Julie Lassa : Says "Sean Duffy was a no-show" as Ashland County District Attorney while he was on the campaign trail
Mark Levin : Says the whistleblower hired "left-wing lawyers, left-wing firms, Soros involved in funding one of them."
Bernie Sanders : "99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent."
Barack Obama : "I didn't raise taxes once."
Jacky Rosen : Says Dean Heller "has voted for a GOP bill that funded efforts to revive Yucca Mountain."
Ted Cruz : Says Donald Trump "has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president."
Mitt Romney : "President Obama has raised taxes 19 times."
Glenn Beck : To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is "forcing people in business to make wedding cakes" for anyone.
Hillary Clinton : About "1 percent of all the gun sellers are responsible for more than half of the guns that are used in crimes."
Marianne Williamson : "We are the only advanced industrialized nation that bases our educational funding on property taxes."
Mike Rogers : In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was "collecting information to protect America" because it was "unseemly," but that move led to "millions and millions" of deaths in World War II.
Jim DeMint : "Ninety-four percent of the bills that pass the Senate have no debate, no vote, no amendments, no reading of the bill, no online disclosure."
Americans for Safe Access : Judging by a recent vote, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz "thinks it's okay for medical marijuana patients to go to federal prison."
Denny Hoskins : "Missouri still owes $60 million on bonds issued to build the 23-year-old Edward Jones Dome, the former home of the St. Louis Rams."
Campaign for Liberty : "Estimates for adopting Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022."
Bernie Sanders : Says Wisconsin payday loans have a 574% average annual interest rate, "exploitative lending that keeps Americans trapped in debt"
John McCain : "You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent."
Gina Raimondo : "Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average."
Bill McCollum : "Police officers in this state have that right," to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
Devin LeMahieu : "It takes quite a while on Election Day to load those ballots, which is why we have the 1 a.m. or 3 a.m. ballot dumping in Milwaukee."
Beto O'Rourke : "This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history."
Robin Vos : "The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "Elizabeth Warren doesn't think Obamacare goes far enough: ‘The next step is single payer.' Does Sen. Nelson agree? He has in the past ... Sen. Nelson votes with Warren 90 percent of the time."
Pam Bondi : Mortgage fraud is "up 400 percent in the last five years."
Jim Oberweis : Says U.S. Rep. Lauren Underwood described riots as “beautiful protests.”
Chris Collins : "Nate McMurray lobbied to send our jobs to China. (And Korea, too.)"
Mike Fasano : "Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health."
Leticia Van de Putte : The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams "goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students’ essays."
Joseph Crowley : Says Donald Trump "cashed in" on Sept. 11,  "collecting $150,000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover — even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected."
Mitt Romney : "Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent."
Keith Stokes : "One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry."
Susan B. Anthony List : Sen. Barbara Boxer "voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work."
Facebook posts : "CORONAVIRUS: Reports of 10,000 DEAD in Wuhan, China."
Facebook posts : Says "Muhammad owned many slaves" while Robert E. Lee was "against slavery."
Ultraviolet : Says Chris Christie "vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue."
Curtis Martin : "I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow. … We played in at least 15 inches of that."
Rick Perry : Says the federal government restricts "how much salt we can put on our food."
Viral image : Says kitchen worker in viral video is potentially spreading coronavirus by blowing into food containers.
Michael Moore : "The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined."
Viral image : A photo shows a large crowd in Berlin protesting the “covid hoax.”
YouTube videos : “Bill Gates says you don't have a choice to be vaccinated or not.”
Jimmy Carter : The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
Steve Doell : Says Measure 11 is "one of the most significant reasons" for decrease in violent crime.
John McCain : When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
Michael Bloomberg : During his tenure as mayor of New York City, “street homelessness decreased by 28 percent.”
Mark Pocan : "Our country and Constitution was built on a foundational separation of church and state."
Kitty Boitnott : Salaries for Virginia’s teachers are below the national average.
Gary Johnson : "We're bankrupt."
Donald Trump : There was "serious voter fraud" in New Hampshire.
Ted Ankrum : Says U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul is "the sixth-richest person in Congress."
Instagram posts : The ship that was stuck in the Suez Canal was a planned or staged event.
Mark Robinson : Says “showing up at the front doors of people’s houses and violating HIPAA laws by requesting private medical information regarding their vaccination status is unacceptable and illegal.”
William O'Brien : "There’s 400 more people working in health care today in New Hampshire than when we passed the budget."
Russ Feingold : Says Ron Johnson "has essentially done nothing" to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
Bloggers : Quotes Donald Trump as saying in 2013, "A shutdown falls on the President’s lack of leadership. He can’t even control his own party and get people together in a room. A shutdown means the president is weak."
Rand Paul : The federal government "can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget."
Facebook posts : Says a 1942 Milwaukee YMCA brochure shows children playing a violent, racist carnival game
United Association’s Union Plumbers and Pipefitters Vote! PAC : Nick Freitas “voted to let businesses discriminate and fire expecting mothers for no other reason but their pregnancy. ”
Political Thinkers : After attacking Emma Gonzalez, U.S. Rep. Steve King is "facing arrest."
Stacey Campfield : Says that "you can’t destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do."
John McCain : "The Taliban went after and murdered" people identified in the Chelsea Manning leaks.
Facebook posts : “San Francisco Allowing Children to ‘Consent’ to Covid Vaccine Without Parents Approval.”
Eugene Yu : Says "Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!"
Ed Rendell : A small business receiving a federal tax credit "to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."
John Sherman : The Atlanta Beltline paid nearly $3.5 million for less than a quarter-acre.
Greta Van Susteren : "So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas," because Kerry was seen as "supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League."
Gary Johnson : "Most Americans support" the legalization of marijuana.
Alan Grayson : The United States is "50th in life expectancy" in the world.
Jeff Sessions : "The violent crime rate has risen, and the homicide rate has risen by more than 20 percent in just two years, really after 30 years of decline in violent crime."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Barack Obama holding a Michelle Obama 2020 t-shirt.
Gerry Connolly : "In 1960, we spent more than 3 percent of our GDP on infrastructure projects like the Interstate Highway. Today we spend less than 1 percent of our GDP on these vital investments."
Viral image : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted, "I see people are rushing out to fill up their cars for this hurricane at the gas station. This wouldn’t be an issue if they had electric cars. If the power is out for a week how are they going to get gas? We need to start planning ahead and moving forward."
Charlie Geren : "Less than half of Texans ages 18-24 are registered to vote."
George Nee : Rhode Island "is one of the worst states" for income equality.
Karen Sage : Says that under a new program jail "time for non-violent, mentally ill offenders has been reduced by 50 percent."
Ginny Brown-Waite : A president must "obtain Congress' consent before formally accepting the Nobel Prize."
Bloggers : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said Christianity should be ignored as "superstitious nonsense."
Andrew Cuomo : "We're No. 46 out of 50 states... we're 46th in terms of percentage of deaths in nursing homes."
Joy Reid : In the Georgia House district that hosted a special election on June 20, "Trump won by 20+ points."
Donald Trump : "I've won awards on environmental protection."
Facebook posts : Ethylene oxide used in COVID-19 testing swabs “literally changes the structure of the building blocks of your own body.”
TheRedShtick.com : "Donald Trump praises Colonel Sanders for his service in the Civil War."
Big Gamble NJ : "In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million."
John McCain : Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
Rachel Maddow : "The Republican who was just elected governor of the great state of Florida paid his campaign staffers, not with money, but with American Express gift cards."
Senate Leadership Fund : Says Sen. Joe Donnelly’s "family got caught outsourcing jobs to Mexico, and ‘Mexico Joe’ profited up to $80,000."
Rush Limbaugh : Says Rick Perry is "the guy that tracked" down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
Marco Rubio : "In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty."
Barack Obama : "I introduced a bill that would’ve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea."
Glenn Grothman : Says as a state lawmaker a bill he sponsored would have made “it easier to get rid of bad cops”
America's Health Insurance Plans : "Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending."
Joe Biden : Video shows President Donald Trump saying COVID-19 is Democrats’ “new hoax.”
Barack Obama : Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that "paying for (Mitt) Romney’s tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000."
Lamar Smith : "The average tax bill for Americans in 2016 was a 41 percent increase from 2013."
Tweets : Says police officers in Austin, Texas, have been “authorized to use LIVE ROUNDS, and lethal force” against protesters.
TikTok posts : “You will need a WHO Yellow Vaccination Passport if you plan on traveling internationally once borders open.”
Bill Richardson : "Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier."
Viral image : Says 5-year-olds can “take hormones and change my sex.”
Reince Priebus : Says Hillary Clinton’s approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months.
Marco Rubio : "Not even Tim Kaine is willing" to say he trusts Hillary Clinton.
Red, White and Blue Fund : Mitt Romney "left Massachusetts $1 billion in debt."
Dan Patrick : Leticia Van de Putte "voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony."
Gary Sasse : Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, "three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island."
Bloggers : "Malia Obama just got arrested buying cocaine"
Donald Trump : "You said you went to Delaware State but you forgot the name of your college."
Rick Scott : "Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state."
Civitas Institute : "Apple and Amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter ID."
Roy Cooper : "Right now, four in 10 public schools in our state are at least 50 years old."
James Clyburn : "We do not want to raise anybody's tax rates. That's never been on the table."
Hank Gilbert : Says Texas has so few gas-pump inspectors in the field, "the HEBs of this state, the Brookshires of this state, they're calibrating their own gas pumps. The (Texas Department of Agriculture) just sends them the stickers and they calibrate them."
Barack Obama : "In Florida, they're already talking about how the Ryan-Romney plan will end Medicare and replace it with a voucher."
Don Beyer : "More than 7,000 Americans lost their lives to climate change-fueled events last year."
John Elkhay : If Rhode Island raises the meal and beverage tax to 10 percent, it would be the "fourth-highest in the nation."
Joseph Kyrillos : "Senator Menendez said he would spend our money wisely. But our annual national deficit climbed from $250 billion a year to $1.6 trillion on his watch."
Leonard Lance : Says Democratic congressional candidate Tom Malinowski "supports a full repeal of the 2017 tax law, which includes vital tax incentives" for New Jersey communities.
Jim Moran : Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs.
Viral image : Photo shows people protesting against “vaccine tyranny” in France.
Priorities USA Action : Says President Donald Trump is trying to make $451 billion in Medicare cuts "in the middle of a deadly pandemic."
Joe Wilson : "You lie!" (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
Bloggers : Say Gretchen Carlson said, "The 2nd Amendment Was Written Before Guns Were Invented."
Jeb Bush : Florida's revenue "is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country."
Dean Cannon : The Florida Supreme Court has "no express authority in the Florida Constitution" to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.
Kip Kendrick : "Requiring photo ID would keep about 200,000 Missourians from voting."
Georgia Voice : No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
Facebook posts : "By revoking the Keystone pipeline permit, Biden is destroying 11,000 jobs.”
Bloggers : "Starbucks just placed Trump’s photo on (the) floor so every customer (has) to step on it."
Bernie Sanders : Says his views on reparations for slavery are the same as Barack Obama's and Hillary Clinton's.
Daniel Greenfield : "Obama spent $7 billion to bring electricity to Africa, failed miserably."
Tom Marino : Twenty million Americans are "out of work."
Wolf Blitzer : "Most (immigrants) do show up in court."
Viral image : The Biden administration “gifted the Taliban with $80 billion-plus” in military-grade weapons but now “wants your 9mm pistols.”
Sandy Pasch : Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan promised to "end health care for our seniors."
Dennis Kucinich : Says that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didn't go for health care.
Alan Grayson : Says Daniel Webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands.
John Kennedy : Says former Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko "actively worked for Secretary Clinton."
Kelly Ayotte : Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and ‘profits’ on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.
George Will : "We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined."
Alison Lundergan Grimes : "Sen. McConnell says it's not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky."
Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense In America : The book Little Red Riding Hood is something "that’s been banned in America," but not assault weapons.
Portland Association of Teachers : Says "Did you know that if you accepted the District's proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect."
John G. Edwards : Decriminalizing marijuana "will save the state anywhere from $4 (million) to $11 million dollars."
Joseph Cryan : Says Gov. Chris Christie's decision to close the Elizabeth MVC "saved no money."
Jeb Bush : As a senator, Hillary Clinton "has her name on three laws in eight years."
Sarah Palin : "Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves."
Heather McGhee : "Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200" to a federal political campaign.
American Principles Project : "Joe Biden says he supports sex changes for kids."
Scott Walker : My support from young voters -- those 18 to 24 --  in November 2014 was "largely unheard of for a Republican."
Mike Haridopolos : "This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years."
Georgia Lottery : The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
American Crossroads : Says Lee Fisher "wanted a $1.1 billion tax increase which could have driven countless jobs out of state."
David Axelrod : Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are "front groups for foreign-controlled companies."
Marco Rubio : "Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed."
Jeb Bush : "Florida led the nation in job creation" while Bush was governor.
Sierra Club : Robert Hurt supported a bill that helped the uranium industry after taking contributions from the industry and because his father had a stake in it.
Donald Trump : Wisconsin’s "effective" unemployment rate is 20 percent.
Hillary Clinton : "Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs."
Paul Ryan : Members of the military don’t "contribute toward their pension."
Ted Budd : Says H.R. 1 “allows minors to vote.”
Facebook posts : Under the 2017 tax law, “people who make under $75,000 will have their taxes raised in 2021 and every 2 years after that until 2027.”
Ken Cuccinelli : Says Virginia saved $300 million by rebidding a Metrorail construction project to exclude guaranteed union contracts.
Michael Madigan : "The Legislative Ethics Commission continues to function."
Luis Alejo : "Everyone on California’s roads is properly licensed, tested and insured."
Rush Limbaugh : "If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change."
Citizens for a Strong America : Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg "put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm."
Barack Obama : The U.S. has a "record number of oil rigs operating right now – more working oil and gas rigs than the rest of the world combined."
Karl Racine : "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, whose government has important business and policy before the president of the United States, has already spent hundreds of thousands of dollars at the Trump International Hotel."
Rahm Emanuel : "If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship."
Club for Growth : Says Leah Vukmir "claimed the open records law didn't apply to her, got sued, lost and cost taxpayers $15,000 in legal fees."
Bloggers : "Jeff Flake’s office leaks names of those charged in Mueller’s Russian probe."
Greg Abbott : Says an arms control treaty supported by Barack Obama "could give the U.N. some authority to regulate guns."
Jeb Hensarling : The departments of Commerce, Education and Energy and the EPA saw their spending increase by between 130 percent and 219 percent between 2008 and 2010.
Eva Longoria Baston : Says Paul Ryan "wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students."
Newt Gingrich : Says Amazon has removed "an educational game about Gettysburg."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump tweeted that the Confederate flag is “a symbol of LOVE!! Plantations kept black people employed and gave them free food and housing!!! Black unemployment was VERY low back then like now with ME as your President!!”
Kamala Harris : "Over the last 40 years, this country’s prison population has grown by 500 percent."
Bill Proctor : "Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level."
Glenn Grothman : "In #WI, over 44,000 jobs depend on trade with Mexico and Canada."
Mitt Romney : Says more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perry’s watch.
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
Ro Khanna : Says the California congressional district he represents "has a higher GDP than Russia."
Rick Scott : "I have asked the Division of Emergency Management to report directly to me."
Patrick Murphy : An Army report stated Allen West "performed illegal acts, merited court martial, faced 11 years in prison.'"
David Perdue : U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston "requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined."
Bloggers : "National Guard storms Mexico border, makes game-changing impact in just 30 days"
Chain email : A Dallas proof-of-insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents.
John Kitzhaber : Says more than 2 million Oregonians have received important medical services because of his health plan.
Charles Bass : Ann Kuster "supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion."
Andrew Cuomo : "The only housing authority in the state that we have actually given money to is NYCHA."
David Dewhurst : "I've never supported a payroll tax."
Reince Priebus : The seven nations identified in Donald Trump's travel ban were "identified by the Obama administration as the seven most dangerous countries in the world in regard to harboring terrorists."
Charlotte Nash : Gwinnett County government has made "significant cutbacks in staffing."
Michele Bachmann : Says Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gore’s campaign for president.
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Says Russ Feingold "formed his own political group to pay himself and his staff millions."
Joe Biden : In more than 60 cases, judges “looked at the allegations that Trump was making and determined they were without any merit.”
Brian Kemp : Says his GOP challenger, Doug MacGinnitie, "hadn’t voted in a Republican primary for almost 20 years until 2008.
Viral image : A Denver International Airport mural of people wearing masks was painted in 1994.
Tammy Baldwin : "Over 3 million Americans are employed in the growing green-collar workforce," which is more than the number "of people working in the fossil fuel industry."
Campaign to Defend America : John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
Ron Johnson : "I’ll be running against a career politician."
Lee Fisher : "On (Rob Portman's) watch as Bush's trade czar, our deficit with China exploded" and "as Bush's budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit."
Chris Christie : Says the United States has "the world’s greatest health care system."
George Will : "We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns."
Senate Majority PAC : "New Hampshire has lost more jobs to China than any other state."
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta : "Georgia has the second-highest rate of childhood obesity in the United States."
Bloggers : "Tampa man loses testicles after trying to 'fill scuba tank with weed smoke.'"
ABC NEWS-US : "Florida passes bill legalizing recreational use of marijuana."
Donald Trump : "The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015."
Brad Schneider : "More than 260,000 Americans are employed by the domestic solar industry — three times as many workers as employed by the entire coal mining industry."
Bob Beckel : The United States has "the most number of deductions available to corporations" for the corporate income tax.
Viral image : "At the PEAK of slavery in 1860, only 1.4% of Americans owned slaves. What your history books (don't) tell you is that 3,000 blacks owned a total of 20,000 slaves the same year."
TikTok posts : Says Joe Biden confused his son and his grandson.
Dan Kohl : Says Glenn Grothman "is the single-most partisan member of the House."
Jeff Sessions : Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
Viral image : Says Joe Biden said, "the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor."
Scott Walker : Under Wisconsin law, "anyone who knows anything about a John Doe" secret criminal investigation "can't talk about it."
Nathan Deal : "As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it."
Jason Isaac : Says that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation.
Jon Kyl : Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be "no calamity," and that the Associated Press said "the administration concedes the security risk is not immediate."
Scott Keyes : Says U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy is among seven "Tea Party freshmen" who "spent an average of $15,000 on cars for themselves."
Viral image : Nine “antifa members arrested” in Portland, Ore.
Viral image : Images of crowds and crowded arenas were taken "today in Tulsa Oklahoma"
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says Gov. Mike Pence and Rep. Mike Coffman "take the same positions on a number of things ... Coffman and Pence oppose equal rights for LGBT Americans."
Facebook posts : The percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from 7 percent in 1964 to 73 percent today, due to changes from President Lyndon Johnson’s Great Society.
David Scott : "We’ve got an average of 5,600 soldiers committing suicide. That’s about 20 a day."
Barack Obama : "McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' "
Sherrod Brown : "The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country."
Marco Rubio : "The reason we have a national debt is not because of defense spending. What is driving our long-term debt are Medicare and Social Security programs."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote" for the stimulus and the health care bill.
Phil Roe : Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting "without consultation or input from the company" to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
YourNewsWire.com : Says Melania Trump hired exorcist to "cleanse White House of Obama demons."
Ted Cruz : "There’s actually a court order that prevents keeping the kids with the parents when you put the parents in jail."
Cory Booker : Says New Jersey’s prison system is "61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black."
Rick Santorum : "Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed."
Dallas Woodhouse : Says no elections protest was filed, McCready conceded and "every" county board certified its results from the Mark Harris, Dan McCready race.
Hillary Clinton : "Donald Trump's strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign it's to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too."
Facebook posts : “AARP endorses Biden and gives financial support to Planned Parenthood.”
David Silverman : "There are more atheists in the country right now than Jews, Muslims, Hindus and Buddhists combined and doubled."
Chain email : "Solar panels drain the sun’s energy."
John Klenke : Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
Greg Abbott : The city of Austin has "removed, seemingly, any legal consequences to the actions where the homeless lie, sleep, where they defecate."
Rick Scott : After hearing "the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT," next year "we begin improving our testing system."
Rick Santorum : When his grandfather arrived in the United States, "there were no government benefits for immigrants."
Facebook posts : Says Maxine Waters said Trump supporters are “not welcome here” and “we must welcome everyone who crosses our borders.”
Ted Poe : Obamacare medical device tax "has led to the loss of thousands of jobs" in U.S.
Donna Brazile : "Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared."
Eric Johnson : "In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines."
Bernie Sanders : "When this campaign began, I said that we’ve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said let's raise it to $12."
Joe Donnelly : Says "43 of Joe’s legislative proposals have become law, including 21 since President Trump took office."
Facebook posts : Says video of body bags being dumped in a ditch shows the “situation in Italy” due to the coronavirus.
Instagram posts : "The Lancet peer-reviewed study confirms vaccine efficacy, not as 95% stated by the vaccine companies, but as: AstraZeneca 1.3%; Moderna 1.2%; J&J 1.2%; Pfizer 0.84%."
John Cox : Californians pay "the highest electricity bills" in the nation.
Jennifer Shilling : Under Donald Trump's tax plan, "the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year, on average --  would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump won the Ellis Island award for "patriotism, tolerance, brotherhood and diversity” alongside Muhammad Ali and Rosa Parks.
Stephen Colbert : "People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices."
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagan’s policies.
Facebook posts : A patch on law enforcement officers in Portland is for “ZTI solutions, a PRIVATE contractor.”
West Virginia Democratic Party : "FACT: Unemployment rate has not decreased since @WVGovernor took office."
Eric Turner : There was "a 57-percent decrease in fireworks-related injuries in 2000 [after Connecticut legalized sparklers] compared to the 14 years prior."
Barack Obama : A mailer from the Obama campaign "accurately indicates" that Hillary Clinton would "force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it."
Michelle Nunn : Michelle Nunn "spent most of her childhood" in Perry, Ga.
Margaret Gomez : Says she "stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens."
Donald Trump : "Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS."
Georgia Craft Brewers Guild : Georgia is one of only five states where breweries can’t sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
Donald Trump : Regarding the Iraq War, "I was the one that said, ‘Don’t go, don’t do it, you’re going to destabilize the Middle East.’ "
Lincoln Project : "Trump bailed out Wall Street, but not Main Street."
Committee to Protect Florida : Kathryn Starkey "aided and abetted the continued taxation on residents’ properties over 70 percent of the time by seconding motions and voting to keep the millage rate the same."
UndergroundNewsReport.com : Says Whoopi Goldberg said the widow of a Navy SEAL was "looking for attention."
George Will : Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II — more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : Under Gov. Scott Walker, "unemployment is increasing in Wisconsin at twice the rate it is nationally."
Cory Booker : "Research shows that 1 percent of licensed dealers supply a whopping 57 percent of the guns that are recovered in crimes."
Paul Broun : President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
James Capretta : Obamacare is a "massive, massive income redistribution" with "$250 billion a year in Medicaid expansion (and) in the subsidy structure that's basically being paid for by people on Medicare, through Medicare cuts, and a lot of tax increases."
Americans For Tax Reform : Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an "overall tax hike."
Bloggers : "Georgia mosque keeps Hurricane Harvey donations, will send to Syrian refugees instead"
Jeff Wentworth : Says Donna Campbell is pushing a 35 percent sales tax extending to medicine, groceries and real estate.
New Day for America : "Many just call him 'Lyin' Ted.' ... His TV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air."
Donald Trump : Says President Obama's "grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth."
Viral image : “President Trump, COVID-19 coronavirus: U.S. cases 1,329; U.S. deaths, 38; panic level: mass hysteria. President Obama, H1N1 virus: U.S. cases, 60.8 million; U.S. deaths, 12,469; panic level: totally chill. Do you all see how the media can manipulate your life.”
David Holmes : Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because "they just ‘throw more people into the’" jail "‘system."
Chain email : "Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party."
Barack Obama : McCain "said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."
John Stossel : "There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people."
Donald Trump Jr. : Wisconsin voter turnout jumped from 67% in 2016 to 89% in 2020.
Facebook posts : The New York Times published an old stock photo of a young girl and claimed Israeli forces killed her during its recent war with Hamas.
Meg Whitman : California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount" effort in 2000.
Karl Rove : The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
Tim Kaine : The ceilings of the Virginia Senate and House chambers are "circled by gold-embossed tobacco leaves."
James Woods : "The Dallas Cowboys can’t put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed."
Donna Brazile : The Obama administration "has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."
Kevin DeWine : "President Obama and Democrats' spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our country's AAA credit rating."
Facebook posts : Says the Republican Party started in Ripon, Wis., “to counter the Democrats’ plans to expand slavery.”
Rod Blagojevich : "I’m in prison for practicing politics."
Various media reports 2 : Says NC bill would change the grading scale.
Herman Cain : Says Thomas Jefferson said, "You might be able to fool the people for awhile, and they may go astray, but sooner or later the American people are going to wake up and they will correct the course."
National Republican Congressional Committee : U.S. Reps. John Barrow and Sanford Bishop and their fellow Democrats "went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out."
Restoration PAC : Says Tammy Baldwin "supported legislation allowing citizens to withhold funding for our troops."
The Gateway Pundit : “Per the CDC, there are nearly twice as many vaccine-related deaths so far in 2021 (1,755) than all the vaccine deaths this past decade (994).”
Gary Johnson : "Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana."
Nancy Pelosi : The Republican tax bill passed in 2017 "gave 83% of the benefits to the top 1%."
Steve Stockman : John Cornyn "voted twice in 2013 to back Obama’s amnesty plan."
Don Lemon : "More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney is proposing a "tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country."
National Republican Congressional Committee : "ISIS is infiltrating America and using Syrians to do it."
Crystal Quade : "The governor’s cuts would kick over 8,000 people out of their homes."
Chris Abele : "I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan"
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "Syria and Nicaragua are the only nations that didn't sign the Paris Agreement. Nicaragua said it wasn't tough enough."
Rich Lowry : Most of the people who have signed up through the Obamacare exchanges "already had insurance."
Herman Cain : The Department of Energy’s "Billion Ton Study" has shown that wind and solar energy combined "could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs."
Mitt Romney : "Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon" if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law.
Committee to Restore America's Greatness : Says there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the state’s 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.
David Scott : President Barack Obama’s judicial appointments for Georgia and the region were drafted in secret and not vetted by legal groups among the president’s supporters.
Chris Smith : Says there have been "well over" 54 million abortions since 1973.
Libertarian National Committee : "Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times."
Viral image : Coca-Cola, Ben & Jerry’s and other companies support rioting.
Grover Norquist : "[E]xcise tax increases drive commerce across state lines."
Wisconsin Medical Society : Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women don’t return to them for follow-up care
Barack Obama : "For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three."
Ron Kim : Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo "issued a legal blanket immunity, and snuck that into our budget, giving these facilities essentially a license to kill, a get-out-of-jail free card.”
Priorities USA Action : Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a woman’s premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
National Rifle Association : Says Patrick Murphy "supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense."
Donald Trump : It "is Hillary Clinton's agenda" to "release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released."
Facebook posts : “In ‘Resident Evil’ the Umbrella Corporation releases a virus that infects the people of Raccoon City. A biological research lab with the exact same logo as the Umbrella Corporation can be found in the city where the coronavirus outbreak originated.”
Tammy Duckworth : "If you are a gun store owner and you decide to go out of business … you right now are allowed to convert your entire gun store inventory to ‘personal use’ and once it is a personal use weapon, you can sell it without background checks."
Mitt Romney : Says President Barack Obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations.
Facebook posts : Says Henry Kissinger said that "once the herd accepts mandatory forcible vaccination, it’s game over," and that vaccine makers "stand to make billions … We thin out the herd and the herd pays us for providing extermination services."
Chain email : Says that President Obama said, "Nobody made these guys go to war. ... Now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice?"
Hillary Clinton : "Sen. Rubio’s (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family."
Centers for Disease Control : Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
Mitt Romney : "I've never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot."
Sarah Palin : "As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies."
National Rifle Association : Says Mark Warner "has supported restrictions on veterans’ second amendment rights."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the ‘stimulus’ bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money — including AIG — to hand out huge bonuses."
Julaine Appling : In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have "some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether it’s pathological or what we’d categorize as a problem gambler."
Bruce Braley : "Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage."
Scott Walker : "My opponent supported policies that increased tuition by 18 percent."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders : "I think if you look to Chicago, where you had over 4,000 victims of gun-related crimes last year, they have the strictest gun laws in the country. That certainly hasn’t helped there."
Hillary Clinton : "The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent."
Barack Obama : "The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in."
Peter Palumbo : Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card "with $400 a month on it" and "$250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food."
Tom Kean Jr. : "New Jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade."
Philip Van Cleave : "Criminals don’t go through (gun) background checks. I think it’s like 3% go through a background check."
John Burzichelli : Says "the governor is going around the state talking about [how] we should fund an income tax cut" that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners
Mary Jordan : "The president's party always gets shellacked in midterms. It's only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the president's party actually gained in both the House and the Senate."
Hillary Clinton : "You've got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama."
League of Women Voters of the Austin Area : Says proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate "among the Central Texas area school districts."
Instagram posts : Federal agents are going “door-to-door coercing people to be injected with experimental drugs.”
Caitlyn Jenner : Says North Carolina's replacement for HB2 "orders NC cities to discriminate against LGBT people until at least 2020 and unfair ‘bathroom bans’ remain."
Marc Butler : "We have counties where there have been one arrest under the SAFE Act. It indicates there's not a whole lot of interest in enforcing this in our upstate counties."
Sarah Palin : Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
Instagram posts : "920 women lose their unborn babies after getting vaccinated."
Providence City Council : "Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield."
West Virginia Democratic Party : The Affordable Care Act "provided over 200,000 West Virginians with health care coverage."
Robin Vos : Says 1,000 people failed gun background checks in Wisconsin in 2018, but "almost none of them were prosecuted for trying to do a background check and illegally buy a weapon."
Charlie Crist : "I've also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) that's supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration."
Donald Trump : Among Syrian refugees, "there aren't that many women, there aren't that many children."
Facebook posts : “TEA is allowing online learning with attendance stipulations but will not fund school districts if they do not open their schools...If schools do not open and are not funded there will be no more teachers or school at all.”
Bob McDonnell : The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape "has been there for more than 30 years."
Herman Cain : "If we had been on 'Obamacare' and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment."
Amy Klobuchar : The "boyfriend loophole" means that "if you commit a serious crime of domestic abuse against your wife, you can't get a gun, but if you do it against your girlfriend, you can."
Mark Critz : "The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year."
Jeff Greene : "Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington."
Michele Bachmann : Says Newt Gingrich "made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion."
Michael Steele : The Department of Veterans Affairs has "a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like, 'Are you really of value to your community?' You know, encouraging them to commit suicide."
Chris Redfern : Says that to drive the length of the newly drawn 15th District "you’d find yourself on the road as long as it would take to drive from Columbus to Niagara Falls."
Viral image : COVID-19’s “contagion probability” between two people is 70% if the carrier is not masked, 5% if the carrier is masked, and 1.5% if both parties are.
Jonathan Brostoff : The woman killed during the Jan. 6 U.S. Capitol assault was shot by a Secret Service agent, not Capitol Police.
Lisa Bloom : "Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries."
Chain email : "U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!"
National Taxpayers Union : President Obama plans to "impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries."
Rudy Giuliani : "We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent."
Todd Tiahrt : The Democratic health care bill will "collect higher taxes for 10 years and provide health care for only six years."
Fulton County Government : "Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies" among 15- to 19-year-olds.
Michele Bachmann : "By 2015, we will be sending so much interest" to China that "we will be paying for the entire People's Liberation Army."
Facebook posts : Says “the feds closed the courtroom” when El Chapo started naming Democrats he paid off.
David Madland : "The CBO just said if we cut this (unemployment benefits) extension, we will kill jobs, because those people who are looking for work won't have any money to spend."
Ted Cruz : Says states not directly involved in the gay marriage lawsuits that reached the Supreme Court "are not bound" by the court’s ruling.
Newsflash : "Breaking: Shep Smith to be canned because he can’t control his hate for Donald Trump."
Beto O'Rourke : "We are incarcerating more children than any time ... since we interned Japanese-Americans during World War II"
Facebook posts : NFL will fly a “‘Black Lives Matter’ flag under the American flag at games.”
Russell Pearce : "Sixty percent of the Hispanics" support the Arizona immigration law
Julián Castro : Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should "borrow money if you have to from your parents."
Thom Tillis : “Cal Cunningham has been silent on this on defunding the police; I assume his silence is consent.”
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage."
Robocaller : “If you vote by mail, your personal information will be part of a public database that will be used by police departments to track down old warrants and be used by credit card companies to collect outstanding debt. The CDC is even pushing to use records for mail-in voting to track people for mandatory vaccines.”
The Gateway Pundit : “COVID cases in India plummet after government promotes ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine use.”
Barack Obama : "Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding."
Facebook posts : If the voting bill H.R. 1 is passed, “absentee ballots would be mailed out to anyone without proof of the voter’s identity.”
Chris Kapenga : Says it’s illegal to hold an absentee-only election or mail ballots to every registered voter
Rand Paul : Says Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion "welfare program" in tax credits and "$1 trillion in new military spending."
Kelda Helen Roys : "In Wisconsin, abortion is still a crime."
Clean Water Portland : Says "If you compare the Portland Metro area to the CDC’s statewide cavity rates ... the Portland Metro area would actually rank as having the 15th lowest cavity rate in the U.S."
Betsy McCaughey : "Obamacare will question your sex life."
Chain email : "All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange."
Viral image : Says COVID-19 vaccines have “experimental technology never before used on humans” and that some “contain nanochips which can electronically track recipients."
Mike Collier : "Earlier this year, Dan Patrick and Republican leadership snatched millions of dollars in benefits from retired teachers."
West Virginia Democratic Party : “Under the leadership of @WVGovernor Justice, West Virginia now has the highest rate of COVID-19 spread from person to person than any other state.”
Scott Walker : In "the past four or five" presidential elections, "people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees."
Jerry Brown : "Two million new jobs have been created," in California since 2011.
Nate McMurray : Congressional candidate Chris Jacobs “voted against paid leave for COVID-19.”
Tim Ryan : "For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy."
Donald Trump : Says that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing "took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs’ blood," and shot 49 Muslim rebels. "The 50th person, he said, ‘You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened.’ And for 25 years, there wasn’t a problem."
Ro Khanna : "Most of our taxes are spent on the so-called ‘War on Terror.’"
Russ Feingold : Ron Johnson is "willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies."
Facebook posts : Says congressional salaries have gone up 231% over the last 30 years...Now Congress is saying they need a $4,500 raise.
Michael Doherty : "There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used."
Chain email : "Obama was enrolled in a Wahabi school in Jakarta. Wahabism is the RADICAL teaching that is followed by the Muslim terrorists who are now waging Jihad against the western world."
Rachel Maddow : Fox News "said the New Black Panther Party decided the election for Barack Obama."
Jeff Fitzgerald : "In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law."
Bill Nelson : Says Florida Gov. Rick Scott "subtracted $1.3 billion from public schools."
Jeff Fitzgerald : Says he posted a "win" in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary.
Donald Trump : “If you count the legal votes, I easily win. If you count the illegal votes, they can try to steal the election from us.”
James Bell : Every day, "about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia."
Ted Cruz : Says "President Obama just granted all of Congress an exception" to Obamacare.
Facebook posts : "The Biden family is so heavily invested in oil and energy in other countries."
Mac Heller : "The 2008 election was the first election in which voters of color comprised over 25 percent of the electorate, and that number is going up."
Paul Krugman : The Senate-passed health care bill "is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."
Barack Obama : For "the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office."
Eric Hovde : Since President Barack Obama took office, "you have 1,700 employees just at the Department of Transportation" earning over $170,000.
Barack Obama : Women "make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns."
Leticia Van de Putte : Says only about 250 Texans have been killed in action since 9/11.
Cynthia Nixon : "In one day of fundraising I received more small donor (contributions) than Andrew Cuomo received in seven years."
Jeff Greene : "There is a big correlation between third grade reading level and whether you go to college or whether you go to prison. And in Florida right now only 56 percent of kids are coming out of third grade at third grade reading level."
Public Notice : "41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China."
Joe Manchin : "I voted to fund President Trump’s wall."
Gary Black : "Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product."
Bill Cassidy : Says Mary Landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans.
Roland Martin : Republicans "are advancing federal judges who won't even say that Brown vs. Board of Education was properly decided."
Paul Ryan : The health care law "is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : The 2013-’15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers "left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels."
Bloggers : Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didn’t think capturing Osama bin Laden "makes us any safer," but in 2011 called his killing "historic."
Viral image : A photo shows Portland protesters pointing lasers at federal officers.
Hillary Clinton : Says Bernie Sanders "has reversed his position on immunity" for gun manufacturers and sellers.
Harry Reid : There was a "loss of eight million jobs during the Bush eight years."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi’s "4th husband" filed for divorce.
John McCain : "I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue" of global warming.
Barack Obama : "Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented."
Hillary Clinton : "You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if you're a white applicant than if you're black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials."
Peter Roskam : Says Sean Casten supports "doubling premiums" and "cutting current health care plans."
Marcia Fudge : "There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes."
Mike Huckabee : "Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year."
Ted Cruz : Says Beto O'Rourke "voted in favor of a $10 a barrel tax on every barrel of oil produced in the state of Texas."
Donald Trump : "Only 12% of legal immigrants are selected based on skill or based on merit. In countries like Canada, Australia and New Zealand, and others, that number is closer to 60, and even 70 and 75% in some cases."
Club for Growth : When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin "state workers haven’t had to sacrifice."
Bloggers : "Allegiant Air is rewarding everyone with 2 free plane tickets to celebrate April Aviation Week!"
James Lankford : "The First Amendment’s the First Amendment. It goes start to finish. We can’t say to one football coach you’re fired if you kneel in silent prayer at the end of the game, but to a player, if you kneel in protest to a game, you’re celebrated."
David Segal : "As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, I’ve passed legislation that does so."
Facebook posts : Says Kamala Harris said, “I don’t like Joe Biden and do not like his history with certain people or who he’s aligned with, he’s trash to me.”
Donald Trump : “We’re also using a sterilization process ― some great equipment that will sterilize masks up to 20 times per mask. So that’s like ordering 20 times more masks.”
Rob Portman : "Under Lt. Gov. Lee Fisher, Ohio is 44th in the country in terms of getting money actually into worker retraining."
Ron Meyer : "Only three in 10 young Americans under 30 -- 30 percent under 30 -- have full-time work."
Jim Patterson : California will have the "highest gas tax in the nation" once its 12 cent gas tax hike goes into effect.
Barack Obama : The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
Peter Kinder : "Youth unemployment in minority communities is about 40 to 45 percent."
Lincoln Chafee : Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
Rick Scott : Says a bill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would have changed "nothing."
Barack Obama : McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
Michael Moore : "The majority actually want single-payer health care."
Richard Durbin : "Illinois suffered 1,652 overdose deaths in 2014 ... of which 40 percent were associated with heroin. Illinois is ranked number one in the nation for a decline in treatment capacity between 2007 and 2012, and is now ranked the third worst in the country for state-funded treatment capacity."
AFSCME : In labor negotiations with city employees, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett "demanded concessions that went beyond those mandated" by Gov. Scott Walker’s collective bargaining law
Rachel Maddow : Says Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a  "mandatory vaginal probe."
Tammy Duckworth : Says Mark Kirk "called for the mass arrest of 18,000 African Americans" and "was apparently fine with Trump’s #StillTooRacist call for mass deportation."
Viral image : Says a California surfer was “alone, in the ocean,” when he was arrested for violating the state’s stay-at-home order.
Viral image : Says George Soros said, “I’m going to bring down the United States by funding Black Hate groups. We’ll put them into a mental trap and make them blame white people. The Black community is the easiest to manipulate.”
Facebook posts : Says Gov. Tony Evers “removed the American flag from the Capitol building”
Joseph Henchman : "Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Island’s sales tax."
Glenn Beck : Says Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong.
Dick Cheney : Terrorist detainees "were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment."
Facebook posts : Says Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer’s family spent May 20 at her second home, breaking her own stay-at-home orders.
Bernie Sanders : Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton "had one line on the Palestinian people."
Phil McGraw : There are “360,000 (deaths) a year from swimming pools. But we don’t shut the country down for that.”
Facebook posts : Says that in 1770 "British parliament banned lipstick, saying it had the power to seduce men into marriage, which was classified as witchcraft."
Hillary Clinton : "The Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections for the kind of leadership they want."
Bill White : "Last week the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE), led by Rick Perry's appointee, voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from social studies textbook standards. That's right. Thomas Jefferson... was deleted from a list of historical figures who inspired political change."
Restoration PAC : "On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals."
Facebook posts : Says Adam Schiff used taxpayer money to "reach a sexual harassment settlement with a 19-year-old male."
Facebook posts : Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren "lives in a $5.4 million mansion."
Jeb Bush : "Too many" tattoos "on visible body parts" keep some applicants out of the military.
Bernie Sanders : "I have consistently voted against the Hyde Amendment."
Jon Husted : "When we say ‘one vote matters,’ it’s not just a saying – it has proven true 141 times in #Ohio over the last five years."
Bloggers : Says extras are needed to portray aliens in a Star Wars movie being shot near Rosenberg, Texas.
Jennifer Boysko : “The United States is the only industrialized, modernized country that does not already have a paid family medical leave program in place.”
Lloyd Doggett : Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.
Bloggers : Video shows the Jan. 6 Capitol riot was a “completely peaceful protest.”
Hillary Clinton : Hedge fund managers "pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers."
Donald Trump : "Four times, I said, he (John McCain) is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces."
Jeff Jackson : Says he was “one of the 2 (state Senators) who voted against” North Carolina’s body camera law.
Rick Santorum : Says President Obama has waived "the work requirement for welfare."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Russ Feingold cast the "deciding vote" for the "largest tax increase" in history
Donald Trump : Dominion Voting Systems “deleted 2.7 million Trump votes nationwide.”
Priorities USA Action : Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
Facebook posts : “The mayor of Livermore California explains Trump’s popularity and success.”
Stop Deceptive Amendments : Every former North Carolina governor opposes "constitutional amendments Raleigh lawmakers put on the ballot this fall."
Mike Rogers : "In 2014, Mexico alone received over $24 billion in remittances sent from the U.S., while other South and Central American countries received over 15 percent of their (gross domestic product) in the form of remittances."
Bloggers : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez is proposing a "nationwide motorcycle ban."
John Fetterman : "I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, I've got Bernie's back."
Mick Mulvaney : "Drug prices in this country actually came down last year for the first time in 50 years. That’s because Donald Trump’s president."
Restore Our Future : Newt Gingrich "teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming."
Sylvia Romo : Lloyd Doggett "made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money."
Barack Obama : "We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden leaked the names of SEAL Team 6’s families to al-Qaida and that he "cannot be trusted."
Chris Taylor : "Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet."
Chris Christie : Says Barack Obama had "huge majorities" in Congress during his first two years in office and "did nothing with them to create jobs in America."
Ward Armstrong : "[Appalachian Power] wants another 10 percent rate increase. The compensation package for CEO Mike Morris rose 22 percent to $8.7 million in 2010."
Bloggers : Says Time magazine cover features President Donald Trump with the text "Worst. President. Ever."
Facebook posts : “Kohl's confirmed that they will be selling BLM merchandise” but are not selling “back the blue” at this time.
Concerned Veterans for America : Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed "79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings."
Facebook posts : “60% of patients admitted to the hospital in the UK have been fully vaccinated”
Viral image : “$258,000/month: Amount Blake Griffin will pay in child support to ex Brynn Cameron.”
Greg Abbott : Says he's arrested more criminals, "including thousands of child predators and sex offenders," than any previous Texas attorney general.
Tony Evers : "Since Scott Walker has been our governor, we’ve gone from 50 percent state funding for the" University of Wisconsin System "to 15 percent."
Viral image : Says a photo showing thousands on a ship next to a crowded dock are "Europeans trying to get to North Africa during World War II."
Rick Perry : "Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that they’re going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years."
Julián Castro : Says Section 1325 of U.S. immigration law was "put into place in 1929, by a segregationist."
Barack Obama : John Boehner said the jobs of "teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters" are "'government jobs' that weren't worth saving."
Pat Toomey : "Sanctuary cities such as Philadelphia refuse to cooperate with the federal government in locating suspected terrorists who are in their custody and are in the country illegally."
Viral image : Says if you donate blood, “they HAVE to test you” for coronavirus.
American Future Fund : Under Barack Obama, the U.S. now has the "lowest workforce since (President Jimmy) Carter."
Facebook posts : Nancy Pelosi said "Congress shall not vote remotely because it is not secure!" while also saying that “Americans should all vote for president by mail!”
Facebook posts : Says the character Freddy Krueger was based on a real serial killer.
Viral image : Says a photo shows Donald Trump holding a sign that says, "No matter who is president, Jesus is still king."
Janet Bewley : "The Legislature passed Gov. Walker’s so-called property tax relief bill," but the Republicans "are still raising your property taxes."
Gwen Moore : Says House Republicans "tried to change the definition of rape."
Matt Mackowiak : "In 2009, his first year as mayor," Julián Castro "received a seven-figure referral fee" that smells like a dirty financial gift "from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor."
Kriner Cash : The education tax burden for Shelby County -- and Tennessee -- is "one of the lowest in the country."
Rick Scott : Says Barack Obama's health care law "will be the biggest job-killer ever."
Paul Ryan : Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, "are not working or even in school trying to find a job."
Chain email : The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton’s energy agenda "will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion"
Richard Ferruccio : "We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country."
American Life League : Girl Scouts USA’s curriculum "promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate."
Lamar Alexander : The health care bill "dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."
Rob Portman : Says unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations.
John Boehner : New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by "$17 billion every year" and "potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year."
Ed Emery : "80 percent of impeachments in Missouri have been against judges."
People for the American Way : Says Marco Rubio "voted to deport" young people known as Dreamers.
Chris Christie : Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters "knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it."
Donald Trump : Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten "a free ride so far from the media. We're the biggest ones supporting her campaign."
Nicholas Mattiello : "There haven't been tax cuts for the rich" in Rhode Island.
Jon Huntsman : The U.S. is spending "one out of every six Defense Department dollars on Afghanistan."
Facebook posts : Voting machines didn’t work in heavily GOP areas for the Georgia runoff elections, leaving some voters unable to cast ballots.
Scott Walker : "Federal government reneging" on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-’15 state budget.
Facebook posts : Says an image shows a satellite view of fires in Australia.
Jamie Radtke : George Allen "had 40,000 earmarks" while he was a senator.
John Kerry : Says he "opposed the president’s decision to go into Iraq" in 2003.
J. James Rohack : Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a "pre-existing condition."
Michelle Obama : More than one-quarter of America’s young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
Facebook posts : An HIV-positive Cadbury worker has been arrested after contaminating products with his blood.
Newt Gingrich : "I balanced the budget for four straight years, paid off $405 billion in debt."
Dannel Malloy : Air travelers "can’t get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check" on them.
Facebook posts : Says Steph Curry decided to split with Nike because the company wouldn’t allow him to write Bible scriptures in his shoes.
Chain email : "Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!"
Ainsley Earhardt : “It’s actually the safest time to fly.”
Viral image : Video “proves 100% that President Joe Biden is not a ‘human’ being.”
Republican Governors Association : Says "unemployment tripled" in Dane County due to Kathleen Falk’s tax policies
Barack Obama : "Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget."
National Right to Life Committee : The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover "any legal abortion."
Donald Trump : “There was tremendous cheating in New York”
Viral image : “New autopsy reports suggest Jeffrey Epstein most likely died from COVID-19 complications.”
Facebook posts : Says President Donald Trump is selling coronavirus-themed commemorative coins through the White House Gift Shop.
Paul Ryan : The Obama administration "called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people."
Lawrence O'Donnell : Because of the current immigration crisis, Republicans want to "repeal" a 2008 law that President George W. Bush signed and "want to be on record as not wanting to protect children from ... sex trafficking."
Richard Durbin : Under current policies, "we're going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years."
Mark Miller : "Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January."
George Flinn : Says his "patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine."
Tammy Baldwin : "Over 32,000 people die from #GunViolence every year. Yet, (The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) is banned from researching ways to prevent this."
Bill McCollum : Rick Scott “has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."
Peter Kinder : "This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact."
George Allen : "Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas."
Facebook posts : COVID-19 vaccinations are “a violation of the Nuremberg code."
Ted Cruz : The Obama administration spent "$205,075 in ‘stimulus’ funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16."
Tim Kaine : George Allen's flat tax "plan would actually shrink revenues further than the Perry (flat tax) plan."
Bloggers : Says Nancy Pelosi delayed coronavirus funding so “Dems could campaign on it.”
Chris Kapenga : The Tony Evers administration is wrong to blame old computer software being used to process unemployment claims; it “has nothing to do with” the backlog.
Bill O'Reilly : Russia and China "absolutely said pretty clearly" they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States "walked away from the deal."
Facebook posts : “Biden said today, if he loses, his people will keep burning, looting and killing.”
Viral image : Photos show gas costs nearly $10 in the Carolinas.
Florida Badass Teachers Association : Florida students take "an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as 45 school days per year."
Viral image : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said, "We need to repeal Daylight Savings Time as a primary measure to decrease the rate of climate change. Less hours of sun shine equal less heat hitting Earth’s surface."
Dick Cheney : Says Mike Enzi is "getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. That's more than any senator of either party."
Barack Obama : Says "we" have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border "than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000."
Donald Trump : “When I closed (travel from China) he said I should not have closed. ...He said this is a terrible thing, you are a xenophobe, I think he called me racist. Now he says I should have closed it earlier.”
Shelia Stubbs : "Wisconsin (has) the highest infant mortality rate for black babies nationwide."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Seniors will have to find $12,500 for health care because Republicans voted to end Medicare."
Donald Trump : Saudi Arabia has ordered $450 billion, "$110 billion of which is a military order," producing "over a million jobs."
Facebook posts : “CDC quietly deletes 6,000 COVID vaccine deaths from its CDC website total in one day.”
Scott Walker : "I campaigned on (the proposals in the budget repair bill for Wisconsin) all throughout the election. Anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years."
Bloggers : Says the Chinese Communist Party "will finally admit that the real source of the coronavirus is from ‘a lab in Wuhan’ linked to its covert biological weapon programs."
American Revolution : "Alabama state police arrest 3 poll workers in Birmingham."
Joe Biden : “The Trump campaign asked that I release the list (of potential Supreme Court nominees) only after (Ruth Bader Ginsburg) passed away.”
George LeMieux : Says Charlie Crist "was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Uses headlines to portray Gov. Rick Perry as beholden to special interests.
Scott Walker : Says his sons were "targeted" on Facebook "by out-of-state protesters."
Russ Feingold : Says Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has "paid to export throughout the world" Wahhabism -- "an extreme form of Islam" that basically teaches "Americans are the devil."
Hillary Clinton : In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
Generation Opportunity : "Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!"
The Houston Post : "Red Hen owner just issued sick threat to Sarah Sanders"
Mary Squires : Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens "fights hard" to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms.
Sean Spicer : Says Adolf Hitler "didn't even sink to the level of using chemical weapons. ... He was not using the gas on his own people the same way that (Bashar al-)Assad is doing."
Israel O'Quinn : On unemployment rates: "We have counties in Southwest Virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing 20 percent."
Joe Biden : The typical elementary school teacher pays $7,239 in federal income taxes, and firefighters pay $5,328, while Donald Trump paid $750.
Facebook posts : BLM Fresno riots will begin at 4 p.m. in River Park on 06/02/20
Mike Pence : Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine "want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program."
Ron Davis : Says "over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County," because he "is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live."
Maria Sachs : Florida is "the largest dog-racing state in the country."
Sean Duffy : The United States spends "$2.2 billion on free cell phones, $27 million on Moroccan pottery classes" and pays for "the travel expenses for the watermelon queen in Alabama."
Liberty Counsel : Page 992 of the health care bill will "establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!"
Newt Gingrich : Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are "government-sponsored enterprises" like Freddie Mac.
Tom Tancredo : Says eight Americans died in a knife attack at a Minnesota mall.
Donald Trump : President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.
Rick North : Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter "proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies."
Bloggers : "Broward County deputy says civil rights attorneys were handing out absentee ballots to inmates AFTER ELECTION?"
Facebook posts : A new law "requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment."
David McKinley : The United States "spends more on potato chips than we do on ALL energy R&D."
The Trump Talks : "Breaking! Terrorist attacks Trumps at Mar A Lago."
Bernie Sanders : "In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place."
Let's Get To Work : Bill McCollum "diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources."
Rob Portman : Says Sen. Rob Portman says Ted Strickland earned $400,000 a year as a lobbyist after leaving Ohio for Washington.
Cory Booker : Says 2012 was the "first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority."
Eric Greitens : Says Chris Koster "fell silent" as attorney general in pursuing a case against a free classified service accused of promoting prostitution after accepting "over $12,000 in campaign contributions' from people affiliated with the service."
Instagram posts : Says conservative website Judicial Watch published a story about “elite” units of the National Guard recounting official ballots that were printed with “an invisible, unbreakable code watermark and registered on a Quantum Blockchain System.”
Gwen Moore : Says Scott Walker "brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didn’t fund it."
YouTube videos : The U.S. military seized servers in Germany tied to Dominion Election Systems.
Viral image : Says Chris Wallace tweeted to Donald Trump, "You’re a fraud. A charlatan. A thug. A loser. A trust fund baby."
Nathan Deal : Since taking office in January 2011, "the ‘rainy day’ fund has increased by 226 percent."
Carlos Curbelo : The House tax bill has "a lot more permanent relief for middle-income and even lower-income families" than the Senate bill does.
Tom Letson : Says Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers’ compensation rebates to employers "should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash."
Jeanne Shaheen : "For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60."
Morten Jerven : For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, "we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty."
Bloggers : Says country hip-hop star Lil Nas X was "dropped from Wrangler endorsement" after coming out of the closet.
React365.com : "Tulsa school closes after brutal fire."
Facebook posts : "Pardons — Obama: 1,927, Trump: 26. And Trump is abusing that power?"
Kathy Castor : "70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone."
Chris Christie : "Jon Corzine, elected governor. Teams up with Barbara Buono. $1.2  billion sales tax increase? Passed. Most spending in state history? Passed. After Buono named budget chair, taxes and fees increase 23 times in just two years. State debt? Up $13.4 billion. Unemployment? Doubled."
Jim Renacci : "Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office"
Tammy Baldwin : Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson ran Medicare "into the ground" and "nine years closer to bankruptcy."
Brad Schneider : Says Republican U.S. Rep. Bob Dold "continues to side with his Republican leadership and the NRA in blocking consideration of a bill that would keep firearms out of the hands of people on the terrorist watch list."
Kedron Bardwell : "These 2 Ankeny moms standing next to the Governor are known Qanon and anti-vaxx conspiracy theorists."
Alex Jones : “President Trump is in great danger. Evidence is mounting that he’s being deliberately killed at Walter Reed Military Hospital.”
Barack Obama : Says Paul Ryan "voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasn't paid for."
Rafael Cruz : "Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started," and "the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools."
Facebook posts : Says COVID-19 came to the United States in 2019.
Michele Bachmann : President Barack Obama "has virtually no one in his cabinet with private-sector experience."
Anthony Scaramucci : "In light of the leak of my financial disclosure info which is a felony I will be contacting @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept"
Democratic Governors Association : Lincoln Chafee "voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time."
George LeMieux : "The Christian Coalition gave (Adam) Hasner an F."
David Lewis : Gov. Roy Cooper has "filed nearly one lawsuit a month, with every single one of them an attempt to extend his own power."
Dana Perino : "A lot of the problems with forest fires ... is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists."
Facebook posts : Fox News changed its accreditation to "entertainment."
Donald Trump : On the Iraq war, "I said it loud and clear, 'You'll destabilize the Middle East.' "
Barack Obama : The United States is "seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."
Mitt Romney : "Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama."
Rick Perry : "At this particular point in time, looking at the field, there’s only one individual that’s ever had the uniform of his country on—and that’s me."
Ginny Brown-Waite : "Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker."
Martin O'Malley : "We're not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it."
Donald Trump : "This election marks the largest Senate gains for a president's party in a first midterm election since at least President Kennedy's in 1962."
Mitt Romney : "We are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy."
Wayne Powell : Says Eric Cantor voted to assure Congress would be paid if the government shut down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid.
Adam Hasner : "Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs."
Joe Heck : Says "Catherine Cortez Masto indicted (Brian Krolicki), who was an innocent man, in order to save Harry Reid's political career"
Senate Majority PAC : Says Kevin Cramer wants to cut Social Security and Medicare to pay for tax cuts.
Will Wynn : More "25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America."
Freedom Daily : "Muslims’ disturbing plan comes out after grocery stores go bare to prepare for Irma."
Michele Bachmann : Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
Viral image : “The leader of Proud Boys is the Florida state director of Latinos for Trump.”
Kasim Reed : "The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million."
Terry McAuliffe : If the legislature refuses to expand Medicaid, "27 states are going to get our money – Virginia taxpayer money – into their states to provide health care for their citizens, paid for by us."
Cory Booker : Says America spends "over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12."
Marco Rubio : "Close to half of the voters in America, the only tax they pay is the payroll tax."
Tim Burns : Says he is "one of America's leading consumer lawyers."
Nancy Pelosi : “Even President Trump’s own EPA has admitted that this rule (on air pollutants) threatens to cause serious health problems including brain damage and death and to inflict billions of dollars of economic damage on our struggling economy.”
Scott Walker : Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from "extortion from a union" because "the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions."
Greta Van Susteren : New Jersey has had "seven credit downgrades" since Chris Christie became governor.
Rand Paul : Israel's per capita income "is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world."
Ted Cruz : The voting rights bill “would register millions of illegal aliens to vote. It is intended to do that.”
Andy Berke : Says Tennessee is providing "millions of dollars" to virtual school company for "results at the bottom of the bottom."
Ed Gillespie : The Chamber of Commerce says new carbon regulations will kill "244,000 jobs a year" and cost average families "$1,200 a year."
Jim Jordan : "Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about."
YourNewsWire.com : "Senate report admits Clinton ‘gifted’ children to human traffickers"
Cathy McMorris Rodgers : "Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one."
Nikki Haley : Says Joe Biden and Kamala Harris “want massive tax hikes on working families.”
Rick Scott : Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
Bill McCollum : Florida's cost for the Medicaid expansion will be $1.6 billion a year or more.
Paul "Skip" Stam : "There are 31 other states and 10,000 other cities that have the same type of policies that we just passed," referring to North Carolina’s House Bill 2.
Donald Trump : "When I was campaigning, I was talking about 18 and 20 years (when) wages effectively went down. Now, for the first time in a long time, they're starting to go up for people."
Rick Scott : "I’ve always supported protections for our DREAMers."
Jeff Miller : "Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds."
David Dewhurst : The White House had a live video feed of the Benghazi attacks as they occurred.
Joe Biden : (McCain) says "we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."
Lenny Curry : "Rick Scott has paid down our debt by about $2 billion. Charlie Crist’s debt went up about $5 billion."
Chain email : Says Texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the United States.
Jamie Radtke : Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
Joe Biden : "We're not engaged in nation-building" in Afghanistan.
Ellen Qualls : Obamacare "was the Republican plan in the early '90s."
Crossroads GPS : "(Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa."
William Perry : Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project
Viral image : Says Disneyland is enforcing a “no scream” policy on roller coasters.
Bloggers : U.S. Sen. John McCain "was singlehandedly responsible for starting a fire on (the) USS Forrestal aircraft carrier."
Robby Mook : "There are Justice Department policies against" FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation "so close to an election."
Brett Hulsey : Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have "required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker."
Thomas Sgouros Jr. : "[If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify."
Phil Robertson : According to the CDC, "110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness."
Rick Perry : Says the national debt and President Barack Obama's "refusal to control spending led to our nation's credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history."
Lainey Melnick : Says U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith supported the $700 billion Wall Street bailout in 2008, "but now he is standing in the way of reforms that would assure these bailouts would never happen again."
Jim Renacci : The federal debt is more than $14 trillion, "almost equal to the size of our entire economy," and "every child born today inherits a $45,000 share of the national debt before they take their first breath."
Scott Walker : "In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born."
Chain message : "Slices of lemon in a cup of hot water can save your life. The hot lemon can kill the proliferation of" the novel coronavirus.
Larry Kudlow : "The deficit ... is coming down, and it’s coming down rapidly."
Mitch McConnell : "More women are graduating from college now than men."
Majority Forward : Says Sen. Thom Tillis “doesn’t think restaurant workers should have to wash their hands.”
Joe Biden : "I was always labeled as one of the most liberal members of the United States Congress."
Mike Huckabee : Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
Viral image : Says Attorney General Loretta Lynch "was a member of Bill Clinton's defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe."
Sean Hannity : Says that in 2015, "illegal" immigrants accounted for 75 percent of federal drug possession convictions and 5 percent to 30 percent of convictions for murder and kidnapping plus two other crimes.
Jack Berry : Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise "for almost 10 years."
Facebook posts : Says Michelle Obama said, “Vote Democrat or the riots and violence will continue.”
Amanda Fritz : Says she is "saving ratepayers $6 million/year."
Thomas Perez : Says "Donald Trump wants to eliminate overtime pay for people."
Donald Trump : "The noise (from windmills) causes cancer."
Viral image : Zoo animals were released during protests in Chicago.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : The Democratic health care law "added 12 years of solvency to Medicare."
John Skvarla : Says HB2 "hasn’t moved the needle one iota" on North Carolina’s economy.
Americans for Prosperity : "Health care premiums up 90 percent in New Hampshire."
Charlie Bethel : Georgia has had the nation’s busiest Court of Appeals for a decade or more.
Bloggers : Says Thai police found bodies of children with their organs removed.
Dick Cheney : "You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists."
Nancy Pelosi : In April 2009 "the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent."
Nicolle Wallace : Says President Donald Trump is "talking about exterminating Latinos."
Great Lakes News : Says Gov. Gretchen Whitmer “defunded the Michigan State Police and the prisons.”
David Perdue : Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
Bryan Hughes : "David Simpson actually voted for driver's licenses for illegal immigrants."
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney once supported President Obama’s health care plan but now opposes it.
Frank Caprio : "1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance."
Sandy Pasch : Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly "actually received 200,000 more votes statewide" than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election
Viral image : Photo shows Joe Biden’s license plate says “THEBIGGUY.”
Jason Isaac : Patrick Rose "voted to explore a state income tax."
Rebecca Dallet : Says Supreme Court rival Michael Screnock "is running with the Koch brothers support."
Tim Pawlenty : "I don't think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors."
Cort VanOstran : Says "Rep. Ann Wagner, a three-term incumbent, has never held a town hall in the Second District."
Republican Party of Florida : Says Alex Sink supported "a $5.2 billion increase in Florida's debt."
Nina Turner : "Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008."
Sean Spicer : The language that's part of the president's National Security Council memo "is identical to the language" used by President George W. Bush in 2001 and President Barack Obama in 2009.
Donald Trump : Says House Intelligence Chair Adam Schiff "made up the conversation. He lied. If he didn't do that in the halls of Congress, he'd be thrown in jail. He did it in the halls of Congress, he's given immunity."
Stephen Sweeney : Says "tenure still exists but it's been overhauled" for teachers in New Jersey.
Viral image : Photos show the U.S. service members killed in a 2021 suicide bombing in Kabul.
Peter Palumbo : "The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. We're the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. We're the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes."
American Future Fund : "Kasich’s budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder."
Rick Santorum : The Medicare drug program "resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right."
Mike Gallagher : "New data shows in-person learning isn't driving spikes in cases."
Erick Erickson : Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal "explicitly voted to fund abortions ..."
Oregon Healthy Kids : "No family earns too much to qualify" for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : "Site selectors who decide where businesses expand or relocate shun closed shop states like Wisconsin in favor of Right to Work states like Iowa, Indiana and Michigan."
Matthew Charles Cardinale : Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
Rick Perry : “The percent of students who enter high school and eventually earn a diploma or equivalent, or who remain in pursuit of a diploma or equivalent, is 90 percent.”
Viral image : “Your ballot could be disqualified if it is written on” in Haltom City, Tex.
Citizens for Lower Taxes and a Stronger Economy : Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 "will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees."
John Kasich : Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing "everybody a lot of money."
Jeff Jackson : NC liquor stores were deemed essential “because we have a lot of people who are chemically dependent on alcohol and if we suddenly cut off their access they would go into withdrawal and flood the emergency rooms.”
Barack Obama : "Right now, American oil production is the highest that it’s been in eight years."
Timothy Geithner : "We've seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector."
Nicholas Mattiello : On the last night of the General Assembly, "by 11 o'clock 95 to 98 percent of the business was done. So we really didn't have that late-night session. We were just holding on one bill."
Scott Brown : Says Jeanne Shaheen "voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton was "let off the hook" for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life "destroyed for doing far, far less."
Sherrod Brown : Says that Wall Street hedge fund managers "pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland."
Scott Pruitt : "Since the fourth quarter of last year until most recently, we've added almost 50,000 jobs in the coal sector. In the month of May alone, almost 7,000 jobs."
Tim Kaine : George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate "turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States."
Nancy Mace : Says Kamala Harris “advocated for restoring voting rights for the Boston bomber.”
Glenn Greenwald : "Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say ‘I was justified in disclosing this information.’ There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act."
Joseph McNamara : "In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools."
Republican Governors Association : Under Mary Burke’s leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had "major shortcomings" and "40 percent of jobs...didn’t materialize."
Trey Wingo : A 9-0 Supreme Court ruling is very rare.
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden repeatedly told Americans he's going to raise their taxes.
John McCain : "I supported (the surge), I argued for it. I'm the only one on this stage that did."
Wisconsin Anti-Violence Effort Educational Fund : "People are five to seven times more likely to be murdered in workplaces that allow firearms than in those that prohibit it."
Robert Mujica : "70 percent of the income tax that the state collects happens to come from Westchester, Nassau, Suffolk and New York City"
Frank Guinta : "Granite State shipbuilders . . . built the first ship that sailed into battle under a new American flag."
Rand Paul : Ebola is "incredibly contagious," "very transmissible" and "easy to catch."
Hillary Clinton : Says unlike Tim Kaine, who "invested" in education, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "slashed education funding."
Brandon Morse : Says a video proves Pelosi “was planning” to rip up President Donald Trump’s State of the Union address “from the start.”
J. Christian Adams : In voting by mail, “hundreds of thousands of ballots have been rejected for defects and millions more end up missing or in landfills.”
Ted Strickland : "In renewable and advanced energy manufacturing projects, Ohio now ranks first among the 50 states."
Andrew Gillum : "When (Ron DeSantis) was asked what cancer patients should do without health insurance, DeSantis said 'show up to the emergency room.'"
Tammy Baldwin : "‘Dark money’ spending" in the 2016 election cycle "is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle," when it topped $308 million.
Republican Party of Texas : "Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the world's largest abortion clinic."
Jeb Bush : "A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives..."
Hillary Clinton : "I am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said, ‘I will not raise taxes on the middle class.’"
David Perdue : "There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience."
Markwayne Mullin : "Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the average American family of four will receive a $1,182 tax cut."
Van Wanggaard : Says he opposes statewide mask order because it would require him to “wear a mask in my house, or walking my dog.”
David Miliband : "The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years," with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states.
Ann Coulter : "Obama's Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters') lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of 'talk to the hand.'"
Eric Bolling : In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States.
Hillary Clinton : "I have 35 years' experience making change."
Marco Rubio : "Welders make more money than philosophers."
Jimmy Barrett : Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
Mo Brooks : “Evidence growing that fascist ANTIFA orchestrated Capitol attack with clever mob control tactics.”
Jack Kingston : The nation's food supply is "99.99 percent safe."
David Porter : Jeff Weems' "legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man."
Georgia politicians : Georgia is "the Saudi Arabia of pine trees."
Kendrick Meek : "Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all."
Jeff Atwater : "Of the top five cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. … We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents."
Jeanne Ives : Says U.S. Rep. Sean Casten has held numerous "invite-only" town halls.
Raymond Bateman : Says "Cape May, Cumberland, Salem and part of Atlantic counties are all south of the Mason-Dixon line."
Viral image : Photo shows “people coming from California to Washington DC” to protest election results.
Viral image : "Obama settled 43,000 Somalian refugees in Minnesota. As of 2016, there were around 80,000. No wonder Ilhan Omar was elected. It was planned."
Dale Earnhardt Jr. : "The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasn’t even been to a NASCAR race."
Bruce Hanna : Says, "The Democrats' proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total PERS reform or savings."
Viral image : Suggests the alleged Kenosha shooter’s father is a deputy in the Kenosha sheriff’s department.
Barack Obama : "You go down to Miami and when it's flooding at high tide on a sunny day, fish are swimming through the middle of the streets."
Facebook posts : “Let me splain how ‘no payroll taxes’ helps you, it doesn’t. It helps employers.”
Thaddeus McCotter : "When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home."
Larry Pratt : A gun "background check is futile. Something like 42 (people during the) last year … were prosecuted for trying to buy a gun with a criminal record out of 11 million."
Gail Collins : Louie Gohmert of Texas "compared the current general-in-charge in Egypt to George Washington."
Tom Price : Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
Pierre Thomas : "Saturday's shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died."
Jim DeMint : There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that "students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."
Tom Mechler : “The Democrats have over 20 field agents to our zero."
Glenn Beck : Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th.
Nathan Deal : Taxpayers are "on the hook ... for less than a third" of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are "repaid from money that comes from outsiders."
Tammy Baldwin : "More Americans are uninsured today than when (President Donald) Trump took office."
Sacramento Bee Editorial Board : Says Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water.
Jon Husted : "#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 we’ve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings."
Priorities USA Action : Says Donald Trump has said he loves war, "including with nukes."
Chris Taylor : Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel "is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin."
Viral image : Photo shows the BOK Center full with people during Donald Trump’s Tulsa rally.
Rhue Reis : "You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day."
Donald Trump : "After years of wage stagnation, we are finally seeing rising wages."
AFL-CIO : For thousands of public employees, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker’s budget-repair bill would "take away any say they have in the workplace, and eliminate their union."
Rick Scott : "The families that are covered through the Low Income Pool is a different group of individuals than are covered by Obamacare."
Cody Smith : "Our state transportation department already has a heavy debt load and has paid more than $700 million in debt payments in just the last two years."
Focus on the Family Action : Obama supports "teaching schoolchildren — in 2nd grade, no less — about homosexual relationships."
Mike Pompeo : "President Trump didn't say he'd go after a cultural site."
Bill Richardson : "Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade."
Wisconsin State AFL-CIO : Says "Scott Walker’s bad budget includes: No weekend for workers."
Facebook posts : If you ask Amazon’s Alexa about the origin of the coronavirus pandemic, it says “the government planned” it.
Charlie Crist : Says he hasn’t changed his view on abortion restrictions.
Lamar Smith : “Illegal immigrants currently occupy 8 million jobs.”
Facebook posts : Says Hillary Clinton "refuses to testify before Congress" about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.
George Allen : "We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three."
Americans for Prosperity: New Jersey : Says state Senate President Stephen "Sweeney gave us the nation's highest income tax rates, driving out jobs."
Facebook posts : An electromagnetic radiation detector can detect radiation from someone’s COVID-19 vaccination.
Martha Robertson : Says Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., "voted to raise the Social Security retirement age on us."
American Commitment : The health care law could cost up to $2 trillion, "double what we were promised."
Donald Trump : "I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35."
Greater Wisconsin Committee : Says David Prosser = Scott Walker.
Heidi Heitkamp : "President Donald Trump even referred to one of (Kevin) Cramer’s health care repeal bills as 'mean' because the bill gutted protections for North Dakotans with preexisting conditions."
Promote Oregon Leadership PAC (Oregon House Republicans) : Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
Mitt Romney : "Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare."
John Kasich : "Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees."
Rush Limbaugh : The health care bills will be "mandated spending. You can't cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances."
Kionne McGhee : "There were slaves in 1845 who helped construct and build the Old Capitol."
Peter Barca : "70 percent of the people who voted" on June 5, 2012, "just didn’t feel comfortable with the recall of the governor," weakening any idea that Wisconsin is "fully behind this Walker agenda."
Brian Kavanagh : "New York has the third lowest rate of gun-caused death in America."
John Boehner : The Affordable Care Act "basically puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create."
Barack Obama : On the economic crisis, "the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system."
John Lee : The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
Bloggers : "Maxine Waters Is Getting Criminally Charged!"
Oxfam America : "The world's 62 richest people own the same wealth as the 3.6 billion poorest."
Ron Paul : GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain called Ron Paul’s followers "ignorant."
Ron Paul : Says Anthony Fauci’s statement that the coronavirus death rate is 10 times that of the seasonal flu is “a claim without any scientific basis."
Charles Bass : "The expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts ... would be the biggest tax increase in the history of the country, about $4.6 trillion over 10 years."
John McCain : Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
Whoopi Goldberg : "The last time people (created a Hollywood blacklist), people ended up killing themselves … They were accused, and they lost their right to work."
Bill White : "Rick Perry attempted to fast-track unnecessary coal-fired power plants, which degrade air quality and would cost billions. Fortunately, a court stopped him."
John McCain : "Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me."
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott "thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control."
Viral image : Says Kobe Bryant tweeted, "I have information that will lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton."
Glenn Youngkin : Terry McAuliffe favors “taking the Pledge of Allegiance and the 4th of July out of the (school) curriculum.”
Joe Lieberman : If you look at last year's presidential campaign, "you can't find a mention of public option."
Donald Trump : "If it weren’t for me … (illegal immigration) wouldn’t even be a big subject."
Don Young : Suicide comes from federal government largesse "saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing."
Facebook posts : “Thanks to (Israel's) sacrifice, we now know that natural immunity is far superior with 1% experiencing re-infection while 40% of new cases were previously vx'd."
Viral image : A girl was “decapitated” in front of her parents by a Somali migrant. Media “covered up” the murder.
Newt Gingrich : During his time as House speaker, "unemployment came down from 5.6 percent to under 4 (percent)."
Ted Cruz : "Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton has spoken "such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to … get nuclear weapons. Give me a break."
Paul Soglin : Since he and Scott Walker took office in 2011, "60,000 new jobs have been created in this state -- 40,000 of them were created in Madison and the Madison area."
Carly Fiorina : The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has "no congressional oversight."
Jennifer Carroll : "We didn’t go out asking people" to join the "stand your ground" task force.
Chris Christie : "The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent."
Stacey Abrams : More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden “just announced on CNN he will completely shut down drilling for oil and natural gas on day one of his administration.”
Facebook posts : "For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps."
Charlie Crist : "The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators."
Scott Turner : "I started the whole year" as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and "led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back."
Sara Meaney : "Wisconsin, many people may not be aware, actually has 15,000 freshwater lakes. … More than Minnesota."
Barack Obama : Today, "the United States is the most respected country on Earth."
Lizzie Pannill Fletcher : "In Texas, Latinas make less than $0.45 for every dollar a man makes. That makes us 49th in the nation."
Jim Webb : "We did not even have a federal income tax in this country until 1913."
Curt Schilling : Law-abiding gun owners stop crimes "2.5 million times a year," according to the federal Centers for Disease Control.
Luis Gutierrez : "2009-2010, let's remember, hundreds of Republican amendments were adopted in the ACA."
Jack Reed : In Rhode Island, "only 5 percent of ozone pollution is from local or in-state sources. . . Ninety-five percent comes from outside of our borders, particularly the Midwest."
Rick Scott : "We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise" in the Miami area and "hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs."
Anthony Rogers : "Cori Bush is a career criminal and a con artist.”
PlantsNeedCO2.org : "Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life."
Julián Castro : Says Dan Patrick "proposed Arizona-style show-me-your-papers legislation."
Scot Ross : Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin "moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt."
Mike Polensek : "We're worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage."
Facebook posts : Joe Biden was called for Michigan even though Donald Trump won more votes.
Ted Cruz : Says he "has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagel’s character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation."
Sean Duffy : "Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate."
Ron DeSantis : “If you look at some of these places that (reduced police funding), they’ve already seen crime go up."
Joe Biden : "We weren't told they wanted more security " for diplomatic facilities in Libya.
Andrew White : Says Cecile Richards recently said there’s room in "her movement" for people who personally believe abortion is wrong.
Jack Conway : Rand Paul "wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare."
Roger Williams : "50% of the DUIs on Interstate 35 are from illegals. Ninety percent of the 50% have absolutely no identification."
Rick Perry : "The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead."
Newt Gingrich : "The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance."
Mahlon Mitchell : Says he was "instrumental to passing two (recent) pieces of legislation that were a huge victory for firefighters across the state."
J.B. Powell : Horse racing could boost Georgia's economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
Barack Obama : "We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration."
Andy Craig : "Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws," candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsin’s state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
Joe Manchin : “Very few … if any” states have a minimum wage of $7.25 an hour.
John Thrasher : Says he has "never received any contributions from the Koch brothers."
Rick Perry : "A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family."
Dan Forest : Says HB2 has hurt North Carolina’s economy by "one-tenth of 1 percent of our annual GDP."
Cindy O’Laughlin : “I see no time in the history of this country when perfectly healthy people have been basically confined to their homes or only able to do essential things as in Kansas City or St. Louis.”
Facebook posts : General Motors “admits the 'clean' energy used to charge electric cars comes from coal, 95% coal, to be exact."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."
Viral image : Says a "Local Hero" was "arrested after killing 30 pedophiles in murder spree"
Vicki Martin : Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools "go on to a two-or four-year college."
Rush Limbaugh : "President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision."
Facebook posts : A graphic on U.S. abortion rates shows larger declines during recent Democratic presidential administrations, and says its due to the party’s approach of making abortions unnecessary, rather than the Republican Party’s approach of making the procedure illegal.
Facebook posts : Says President Donald Trump said, “People are dying who have never died before.”
Nia-Malika Henderson : "Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA."
Diane Hurley : "Connecticut's take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the state's take on table games:  zero."
Jack Kingston : "I remember years ago looking at a CBO report that in 1964 predicted that Medicare would cost $9 billion 10 years later. And I think it was already over $100 billion at that point."
Scott Walker : Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are "the final job numbers."
Facebook posts : Says Ford agreed to invest $900 million at an Ohio plant because Donald Trump “lowered taxes” and is now moving the project to Mexico because Joe Biden is “increasing taxes.”
Donald Trump : “CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE? ... The answer in most states is YES.”
Dave Muntzel : "One-fourth of the vehicles on (Missouri’s) highways are defective."
Bloggers : "80% of black men in Atlanta are Homosexuals, study says"
Rand Paul : "When the president's spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlaki's son, … he said he should have chosen a more responsible father."
Facebook posts : Says America’s most violent cities are that way because of their Democratic politics
City of Atlanta : The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent.
Matt Lauer : "The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent" since the debut of 'House of Cards' on Netflix.
Newt Gingrich : "More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history."
Americans for Prosperity : "(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy."
Charlie Kirk : "Nancy Pelosi may have just committed a violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2071, Section 2071 (a) when she ripped up President Trump’s State of the Union address. This violation is punishable by up to three years in prison.”
Donald Trump : "Russia, Iran, Syria & many others are not happy" about U.S. troops leaving Syria.
Sarah Palin : Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is "less than $1 billion in real cuts."
H. Marlene O'Toole : The delay in school testing "was not that of a vendor, the problem was not that of the test materials itself, it was the product of a cyber attack."
Progress Ohio : "It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay."
John Robitaille : "Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states."
Facebook posts : "Huge! Results From Breaking Chloroquine Study Show 100% Cure Rate For Patients Infected With The Coronavirus."
Dennis Prager : "It was a 100 percent lie that (Donald Trump’s) election unleashed anti-Semitism. … Hundreds of Jewish community centers had bomb threats called in. To the best of our knowledge to this day, 90 percent of them were called in by an American Jewish kid living in Israel, and the other 10 percent were a black radical who was trying to impress his girlfriend."
Charlie Crist : Marco Rubio's "income skyrocketed while his power increased."
John Boehner : "This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences."
Rick Perry : Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
Elizabeth Warren : Student loans from the federal government issued between 2007 and 2012 are on target "to produce $66 billion in profits for the United States government."
Bloggers : "Youngest world leader bans George Soros’s Foundations from Austria."
Bill O'Reilly : "Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges" against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation
Viral image : Says Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015: "I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it."
Barry DuVal : "We're the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations."
Rahm Emanuel : Says three research universities "came out and said (CPS is) the best public school system in the United States of a major urban system."
John Kasich : "Ninety percent of the topsoil has inadequate moisture to grow crops."
Dorothy Brown : "Pre-K has gone down since the current mayor took office."
Viral image : Says an NBC producer at the Olympics was caught on a hot mic saying “60% of people in this stadium will be dead within 10 days.”
Viral image : Says “Nancy Pelosi has been executed.”
Mike DeWine : The DeWine campaign is "receiving money from so many more people. (Cordray's) money is coming almost exclusively from the party, labor unions, and special counsel that he has given business to."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Jeffrey Epstein smirking as Donald Trump inappropriately touches a young girl.
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack "wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district."
Russ Feingold : The average student debt "coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars."
Bloggers : Says Denzel Washington said, “I support police over BLM, don’t put them down!”
John Legend : "We live in the most incarcerated country in the world."
Jim Renacci : "Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office"
Facebook posts : 32,000 votes for David Perdue “disappeared” during the Georgia Senate runoff election.
Michael McAuliff : "Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans."
Doonesbury : "The economy bled $24 billion" due to the government shutdown.
Ken Cuccinelli : "We have never gone a year in Virginia -- ever -- without passing a budget -- ever."
Rick Scott : Alex Sink wants to "cut Medicare."
Mitch McConnell : A recent economic uptick appears to "coincide" with "the expectation of a new Republican Congress."
Lenar Whitney : "Global warming is a hoax."
Kim Simac : Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received "harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators."
Peter Roskam : "Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud."
Citizens for the Republic : Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
Greg Abbott : Says Texas ranks among the nation’s top five states for its high school graduation rate.
American Crossroads : Says Tom Steyer is a "California billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone" and "is spending big to help" Bruce Braley.
Greg Abbott : “Almost 75 percent of the deaths from COVID-19 in the state of Texas are a result of people contracting COVID-19 who are age 65 and older.”
Facebook posts : Says Oprah Winfrey’s house “has been seized and they are excavating the property and digging up the tunnels!”
Facebook posts : “The WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION recently reversed its stance on children getting the Covid vaccine.”
Ivanka Trump : "While (women) represent 47 percent of the overall work force, we only make up 23 percent of STEM-related occupations."
Arianna Huffington : Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black
John McCain : "1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay."
Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol : Says marijuana use among Colorado high school students "has not increased since legalization."
US Political News : "Haiti official getting ready to testify against Clinton Foundation corruption next week found dead with gunshot to the head."
Phil Scott : “In 2018, the providers the state paid through the ACO reduced the amount of money spent on healthcare services by $7.7 million.”
Robert Pittenger : The omnibus bill "does not designate a single dollar for Planned Parenthood."
Mark Walker : Says the cartels are so bad in a Mexican border state that the U.S. government issued a ‘Do Not Travel’ warning -- the same warning it issued for Syria.
Keith Parker : Only "18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city."
Andrew Cuomo : "We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history"
Carlos Guillermo Smith : Says if a Florida bill (HB 697) punishing sanctuary cities becomes law "it will be the only law of its kind in the nation."
Will Weatherford : About half the people who would qualify for Medicaid expansion in Florida "can buy a health care plan for $30 a month" on the federal health care exchange.
Greg Abbott : "Texas #2 in nation for new gun purchases, behind California."
Instagram posts : The CDC delivers groceries and cleaning products “twice while you’re in quarantine.”
Jeb Bush : "Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history."
Dan Patrick : "When colleges and universities are added, education spending is the biggest item in the state budget — about 52 percent of all state dollars."
John Charles : Says "TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says Miami Congressman Carlos "Curbelo supports drilling offshore" and "repeatedly voted against President Obama's ability to fight pollution and combat climate change."
Jim Barksdale : Sen. Johnny Isakson voted for a trade agreement, "with China costing Georgia 93,000 jobs."
Bloggers : “Biden is making ‘maternity flight suits’ so pregnant women can fight in the military.”
Bloggers : "Trump: ‘I am sending troops to South Africa and they will not leave until the killing stop and the land issue resolved.’ "
Big League Politics : Detroit election worker trainings “reveal the mechanisms of the planned theft of the election”
Hillary Clinton : "We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election."
Greg Murphy : A study “showed that over 1 million people in North Carolina have now been exposed to the virus.”
Scott Walker : Says "Hillary Clinton's rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans."
St. Lucia Times : "Irish superstar Saoirse Ronan dies after on-set accident in St. Lucia."
Rick Scott : Says Alex Sink's plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending.
Viral image : A photo shows Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump.
Rand Paul : Says John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year that "I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct."
Pam Bondi : "National studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses and our economy. Businesses across the country are raising their prices … (or) cutting jobs as a result of the added cost."
Karl Rove : Says Hillary Clinton spent 30 days in the hospital in 2012 and appeared "wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury."
Reince Priebus : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker in his budget repair bill "is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts."
Carly Fiorina : Says she "is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined."
Facebook posts : Says the Wyoming State Parks Department said it “discovered what looks like a giant root system stemming from the base of the Devils Tower.”
Barack Obama : The health care bill "cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars."
Facebook posts : Sex traffickers are using a zip-tie contraption on the door handles of vehicles “to trick females into looking down and digging for something in their purse to cut with ... Once they’re distracted, boom! They are quickly forced into another vehicle, never to be seen again by their people.”
Bernie Sanders : "Forty years ago, a federal Pell Grant paid for nearly 80% of tuition, fees, room and board at a four-year college."
Craig Thompson : "We’ve got 115,000 miles of roads in this state and 90% is owned by the locals.”
John Conyers, Jr. : "Apprehension rates at the southern border have plummeted since the 1980s, and apprehensions of Mexicans specifically have reached their lowest point in nearly half a century."
Scott Walker : "By law, Democrats gave the superintendent of public instruction, back in 2009, the ability to take over failing schools … The current superintendent has failed to do that."
Alex Mooney : H.R. 1 “mandates practices nationwide” that include “ballot harvesting, universal mail-in voting and same-day registration.”
Ron Johnson : "There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant."
Facebook posts : “The Post Office advises never send cash in the mail. It’s not secure. Vote by mail?”
Bill Zedler : Says a federal program that collects reported side-effects of vaccinations doesn’t accept possible outcomes extending to road accidents, heart attacks or suicides.
Viral image : Says the Clinton Foundation "gave ONLY $5 million to charities, spent $85 million for their salaries & travels and KEPT the rest = $87 million" in 2014.
Brian Higgins : Two options for a new train station site in Buffalo are at Canalside
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden plagiarized Donald Trump in his Democratic National Convention speech.
Donald Trump Jr. : Referring to a destroyed brick mural of George Floyd, said it’s highly unusual for a brick wall to be destroyed by lightning.
Tweets : Says Joe Biden and Barack Obama “directly participated in a plot to have #SealTeam6 MURDERED, then arranged a massive cash deal as part of a cover up.”
Chris Dodd : "The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her."
Donald Trump : "45.6 million people watched (the State of the Union), the highest number in history. @FoxNews beat every other Network, for the first time ever, with 11.7 million people tuning in."
Steve Chabot : Says Aftab Pureval is "lying" about his office’s "$400,000 projected deficit."
National Federation of Independent Business-Virginia : "The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year."
Raymond Lesniak : Says "New Jersey’s $1 billion horse racing industry … employs 13,000 individuals and ensures the preservation of 176,000 acres of horse farmland."
Viral image : Red Bull contains bull sperm.
Bloggers : "Rosa Parks’ daughter praises (President Donald) Trump’s response to Charlottesville."
Donald Trump : "We had the best jobs report in 16 years."
Steve Acenbrak : "When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, they’re virtually the same."
Scott Fitzgerald : “More than 91% of the spending in this $1.9 trillion package is not used for pandemic relief.”
Nicholas Kristof : "All of Liberia can produce less than one-third as much electricity as the Dallas Cowboys football stadium consumes at peak times."
Tennessee Democratic Party : "Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check" from a federal program that "he voted against."
Bloggers : "US President D. Trump Approves Scholarship for 50,000 African Student to Study in USA 2018" ​
Markos Moulitsas : Turkey is an Arab country.
MacIver Institute : Says some Wisconsin state employee contracts "gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch."
Mitch McConnell : Says Alison Lundergan Grimes "supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors’ Medicare."
Jim Jordan : "President Obama's recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration won't actually save money because he's going to spend it elsewhere."
Hank Johnson : Studies have shown that in the absence of federal reproductive health funds, we are going to see the level of abortion in Georgia increase by about 44 percent.
Facebook posts : “Go to 2020census.gov and fill out this census form so you can get your stimulus check.”
Bill Nelson : "Many state and federal agencies have such ‘navigators’ involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance."
Eileen Brady : Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
Barack Obama : McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
Patrick Morrisey : Obamacare premiums "have gone up 160 percent in West Virginia in 4 yrs."
Mitt Romney : "Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada."
Donald Trump : Says Republicans "just passed" the Veterans Choice program after 44 years of trying. "They've been trying to pass that one for many, many decades."
Donald Trump : "Most of that money (made by the NFL) goes to the players."
Donald Trump : "Look, we are at war with these people and they don't wear uniforms. … This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now."
America Today : "Queen Elizabeth removes Obamas from royal wedding guest list."
Sondy Pope : Under Gov. Scott Walker’s public-school budgets, "a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school."
Kevin de León : California has "robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation."
Charles Boustany : The Democratic health care bill in the House would "create 53 new government bureaucracies."
Marco Rubio : "There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured" in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.
Josh Treviño : Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
Arsalan Iftikhar : "59 percent of Americans today believe that Barack Obama is still a Muslim."
Lawrence O'Donnell : "Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population."
Pat Toomey : Medicaid "is contributing to 70 percent of our budget deficit right now. It’s the one that is in our lap because of Obamacare."
Helen Glover : "The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country."
Todd Staples : Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
Facebook posts : Says Betsy Devos said "only" 0.02% of kids are likely to die when they go back to school.
Jon Tester : "Matt Rosendale supports plans that don’t have to cover (pre-existing conditions)."
Viral image : A photo of a homeless camp on old railroad tracks is present-day Los Angeles.
John Cornyn : A defense bill "includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand."
Viral image : Says Emmanuel Macron said, “I no longer have any intention of sacrificing my life, my time, my freedom and the adolescence of my daughters, as well as their right to study properly, for those who refuse to be vaccinated.”
Facebook posts : Pepsi admitted an employee contaminated its products with AIDS.
Viral image : “If you’ve let somebody claim your kids for income tax purposes, you will not receive a stimulus check. The person who claimed your kids is gonna get it.”
Mike Crute : Says Bernie Sanders "is the most popular politician in America today."
Donald Trump : "We have a mayor in D.C. who formed a commission with recommendations. Her recommendation is: Take down the Washington Monument, close up the Lincoln Monument."
Facebook posts : Scott Walker "had a 2.3 GPA when he was asked to leave Marquette University for cheating."
Mark Pocan : "Not one dime gets added to the deficit because of Social Security."
Facebook posts : “Oil is now $61.30 a barrel and rising drastically! On Jan. 5, it was about $25 a barrel.”
Barack Obama : "Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high."
Facebook posts : “This is what Kamala Harris thinks about young Americans … ‘They are stupid!’”
Social Media : Says Melania Trump’s security detail at Trump Tower costs more than the annual budget for the National Endowment for the Arts.
PuppetStringNews.com : "Evidence surfaces of Vatican funding caravans targeting America with cash."
Mike Rogers : "It's expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States."
Richard Durbin : Says that in Illinois, "fewer than 20% of those actually deported have been charged with any serious crime."
Todd Staples : Says the Obama administration approved a major disaster declaration for Oklahoma in 2009, when nine of the state’s 77 counties burned for "about three days," while Texas wildfires have been burning for longer without such a declaration.
Facebook posts : Says a "Clorox bottle claimed it could kill (the 2019 coronavirus)... before it was developed."
National Right to Life Committee : Barack Obama voted against "born alive" legislation in Illinois that was "virtually identical to the federal law."
Brad Schimel : "More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes."
Kasim Reed : Kasim Reed has kept every promise he made as a candidate.
Allen Peake : Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Jill Underly : For mitigating COVID-19 spread, “masks (are) the number one way to do so."
Mike Parson : "We are always going to need architects, doctors, we’re going to need professionals with four-year degrees. But 65 to 70 percent of the people in Missouri don’t have degrees."
George W. Bush : "Sen. Joe Biden, the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, recommended partitioning Iraq into three separate entities."
Ron DeSantis : Says Andrew Gillum has a "far left socialist platform."
Bob Goodlatte : Thomas Jefferson expressed "strong support" for a balanced budget amendment in 1798.
Jorge Elorza : "The reality is that we have roughly 15,000 undocumented immigrants living in the state..."
Newt Gingrich : Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
National Republican Congressional Committee : "Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs."
Donald Trump : Insurance companies "have made a fortune with Obamacare."
Rachel Campos-Duffy : "Upwards of 90 percent" of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
David A. Clarke Jr. : Says he’s "never asked for more" than inflationary budget increases in his 10 budgets as Milwaukee County sheriff
Paul Junge : "Candidate Slotkin had presented herself as a moderate and as someone who’d be independent-minded, but her time in office was making it increasingly clear that no, she was very partisan, voting 96% of the time with Speaker Pelosi."
Donald Trump : "The Democrat plan would just obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage ... seniors who have been paying for this for years (and) will not be taken care of anymore."
Facebook posts : "Fringe leftists are now advocating for cow fart bags to capture farts as a way to help prevent ‘global warming.’"
Martha McSally : "While we were in harm’s way in uniform, Kyrsten Sinema was protesting us in a pink tutu and denigrating our service."
Donald Trump : "I wanted to keep it private, because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets."
Barbara Dittrich : "Pot today is not the weed baby boomers were smoking."
Tim Kaine : "When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate."
Jon Kyl : "One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform)."
Jeanine Pirro : The southern U.S. border “is now open to anyone from anywhere in the world who wishes to enter our country.”
Donald Trump : Says the U.S. election system is "rigged."
Josh Mandel : "Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet."
Joseph Kyrillos : Says the United States has the "highest corporate tax rate in the world."
Claire McCaskill : "We have 5 percent of world population. 80 percent of opioids."
David Jolly : Says Charlie Crist "stood there, over 3 African-American prisoners in chains, on their knees, on the side of the road. Saying that it was a great sight. Saying we needed to bring it to Florida. And you did this — whether you know or not — on the eve of Juneteenth, the day the African-American community celebrates the end of slavery."
Turn Right USA : "Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be 'gang-intervention specialists.' She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again."
Barack Obama : "You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus."
Barack Obama : "After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three."
Marco Rubio : "Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs."
Nathan Deal : The HOPE scholarship "has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country."
Facebook posts : “This lady here applied sanitizer to her hands/forearms & went to the kitchen to cook. The moment she turned on the gas stove, her hands caught fire due to the alcohol contained in the sanitizer.”
Sarah Palin : Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed "this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner."
Barack Obama : "If you look worldwide, the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased."
George Allen : Sen. Jim Webb "persists on negating" Sen. Mark Warner’s votes
Randy Bryce : Says he’s not a politician.
Susan Cole : "New Jersey loses net, that is minus those who come into the state, 30,000 students a year."
Bling News : "In 1984, the New York Times said Trump would be our BEST president."
Rick Scott : "We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year."
John Cornyn : Says the Arizona immigration law "expressly bans racial profiling."
Charles Ramsey : "There are approximately 18,000 (police) departments in the United States."
Bryan Fischer : "We know how to stop AIDS: persuade men not to have sex with men."
Chain email : Says Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras.
John McCain : "The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000."
Jim Waldman : "You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board."
Jamie Radtke : The transportation package passed by the General Assembly would impose the "largest tax increase in Virginia’s history."
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine : "[A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging."
Connie Mack : "I’ve got a 94 percent" career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has "a 92 percent voting record."
Onward Ohio : "In the Senate, (Mike) DeWine voted with Hillary Clinton to let illegal immigrants receive Social Security. And in Ohio, DeWine allowed illegal immigrants to receive driver's licenses."
Rudy Giuliani : "No one" claims the report vindicating New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the bridge scandal is "conclusive."
Rick Perry : Says President Barack Obama "is a socialist."
Rob Bovett : Since Oregon’s prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
Facebook posts : “Canada has just criminalized all CV19 measures requiring masks, distancing, quarantining & vaccines.”
Doonesbury : Since Sept. 11, 2001, "270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home."
Josh Burgin : Property taxes "are now 18% higher than when (Mark Sharpe) first took office."
Bill Clinton : Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 "led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."
Nancy Pelosi : "Two-thirds of the people who use Medicaid are poor children, but two-thirds of the money is for long-term care for seniors, whether in a facility or at home."
Gina Raimondo : "It’s commercial vehicles, 18 wheelers and above … that cause 90 plus percent of the damages on our highways and bridges."
Ann Kirkpatrick : Says Sen. John McCain "has taken more money from Wall Street than any other sitting senator."
Viral image : Says a photo shows a driver and passengers wearing moose heads in a truck with a man strapped to the roof that caused 16 accidents on I-35.
Glenn Grothman : Says a study shows that children who live with a biological parent and the parent's boyfriend or girlfriend "have a 20 times greater chance of being sexually abused."
Kellyanne Conway : "I don’t need a lecture from Kirsten Gillibrand or anybody else who protected and defended and harbored a sitting president who had sexual relations in the Oval Office and was impeached for lying."
Tom Corbett : "On (Tom) Wolf’s watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs."
Facebook posts : Michigan House “passes bill to ‘voluntarily’ begin placing human implantable microchips into the bodies of all state government employees”
Rahm Emanuel : "Every one of the financial bad management practices that I inherited, every one of them, have either been eliminated or cut significantly."
Alan Grayson : The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was "#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee : "Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks."
Bloggers : Says Vicks VapoRub caused a child’s death.
John Kasich : "They tried to give us $400 million to build a high-speed train that goes 39 miles an hour."
Rick Perry : Says Sam Houston opposed slavery and as governor said Texas should not leave the union over slavery.
Viral image : Says Albert Einstein said, "Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God’s love present in his heart."
Gayle Smith : (Since 1990) "every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world."
Newt Gingrich : "Community banks … are being destroyed by Dodd-Frank."
Clean Virginia : "Virginians pay the 11th-highest power bills in the nation."
Lindsay James : “There are more job openings than there are people on unemployment" in Iowa.
Committee for Our Children's Future : Says Gov. Chris Christie "cut spending (by) $1 billion" and provided "$850 million in new education funding."
George Will : Despite attention on global warming, "fewer Americans carpool today to work than carpooled in 1980" and "SUVs have never been a larger proportion of the vehicles being sold in this country."
Rudy Giuliani : "Ronald Reagan did amnesty."
Mark Walker : “President Biden is raising the prices of insulin and Epi-Pens on those with high costs and the uninsured.”
Jeb Bush : Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, "nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden "said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter" Biden.
Facebook posts : Says the U.S. is developing an “antivirus” that includes a chip to track your movement.
John Loughlin : Tells David Cicilline, "94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature."
Jamie Radtke : If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, "we could balance the budget in five years."
Facebook posts : Videos show President Donald Trump saying “I can’t breathe.”
Roy Blunt : "I'm 59. In either Canada or Great Britain, if I broke my hip, I couldn’t get it replaced."
Kasim Reed : The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is "bigger than 28 states in the union."
Frank Lautenberg : Says because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City "much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be."
Donald Trump : "The media ... sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community."
Viral image : An old image shows a drug store with a marijuana leaf sign.
Larry Elder : "Last year, there were nine unarmed black people killed (by law enforcement). Nineteen unarmed white people.”
Michael Moore : Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's "No. 1 private contributor."
Jeb Bush : "Why would our president close the embassy to the Vatican? Hopefully, it is not retribution for Catholic organizations opposing Obamacare."
Citizens for Transportation Mobility : "When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlanta’s cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally."
Viral image : Says a photo of a tortured man is U.S. diplomat Chris Stevens, who was killed in the 2012 Benghazi attack.
Eva Longoria Baston : "Social Security beneficiaries count on the post office to get their checks.”
Cory Booker : "You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day" by gunfire in America.
Instagram posts : “45,000 confirmed dead from the COVID-19 shots within three days… and they’ve covered it up.”
Creigh Deeds : Red-flag laws have been "shown to reduce the number of suicides by firearms."
Donald Trump : Says the large trade deficit with Japan stems from them sending "millions of cars," while "we send them wheat," but the deficit is "changing rapidly."
Tucker Carlson : “Maybe (the COVID-19 vaccine) doesn't work, and they're simply not telling you that.”
BikePortland.org : Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
Donald Trump : "We have been losing to China for many years, $500 billion a year.
Friends of Democracy : "Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil."
Viral image : A PETA activist was taped to a tree after protesting a biker rally.
Doug Miller : Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw "a benefit" from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges.
Viral image : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez "weeps over empty parking lot."
Bloggers : "President Trump signs executive order stripping NFL of ‘non-profit’ status."
Facebook posts : A banner with a swastika, “Trump” and “Pence” is from a Michigan coronavirus protest.
Andrew Napolitano : "Attempts to find things like, ‘crime,’ ‘criminal activity,’ ‘indictment,’ have been filtered out by Google" in favor of Hillary Clinton.
Bloggers : Navy SEALs found over 1,000 trafficked children and dead bodies on the Evergreen ship that blocked the Suez Canal.
Hillary Clinton : "Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?"
Viral image : Says Joe Biden is formally listed as criminal suspect in Ukraine case involving his son.
Gene Sperling : "Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening)."
Lee Fisher : Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from "Big Oil."
Barack Obama : Says his comment about extremists being a JV team "wasn’t specifically referring to" Islamic State.
Cory Gardner : The CDC is "spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy" that could be redirected to Ebola.
Eric Fehrnstrom : Massachusetts under Gov. Mitt Romney initially ranked last among states in job growth, but by the end of his governorship, "we were in the middle of the pack."
Put Alaska First PAC : "It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions" about where they can hunt and fish.
Kirsten Gillibrand : The Keystone XL pipeline "doesn’t even have any oil for America."
Bob Goodlatte : Federal prosecutions for lying on background checks to buy guns are "down 40 percent" under President Barack Obama.
Keep the Promise 1 PAC : Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
Facebook posts : Says "combined doses of vaccines" have never been tested.
David Cicilline : More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks.
Gary Peters : Says opposing the Paycheck Fairness Act is part of the Koch brothers’ agenda.
Kasim Reed : When Atlanta Police Chief George Turner was interim head of the department, overall crime fell 14 percent and violent crime dropped 22.7 percent.
Tony Perkins : "We know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad."
Ron Tusler : "Less mass shootings under Trump!"
Ernest Moniz : "We are about halfway" to the president’s goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and "about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector."
Darryl Glenn : "Neighborhoods have become more violent" under President Barack Obama's "watch."
Mark Pocan : During the pandemic, “I’ve been in D.C. voting regularly.”
Chain email : "No Republicans voted for" recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. "These taxes were all passed under … Obamacare."
Rick Scott : Says Sen. Bill Nelson "hasn’t done anything on gun safety or school safety, and nothing on gun control."
Facebook posts : “Masks will kill quite a few people, it’s well known that they reduce blood oxygen levels and those with respiratory and cardiac disorders will die.”
Instagram posts : Says the Make-A-Wish Foundation will grant wishes only to fully vaccinated children.
John McCain : Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
Barack Obama : A bipartisan background check amendment "outlawed any (gun) registry.  Plain and simple, right there in the text."
Donald Trump : "If you're from Syria and you're a Christian, you cannot come into this country" as a refugee.
Dale Kooyenga : The University of Wisconsin System  "is larger than any business in the state of Wisconsin."
Senate Democrats : The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.
Don Gaetz : "I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote."
George Allen : "Repealing and replacing Obamacare – that’s going to save $1 trillion over a 10-year period."
Jon Runyan : Says there are "$500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law]."
Suzanne Bonamici : Says "nearly 30,000" federal employees in Oregon were furloughed during the government shutdown.
Building a Better Ohio : "Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits" than private-sector workers.
Nancy Pelosi : "More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration."
Bloggers : “Coroner saying George Floyd died of drug overdose, not police brutality.”
Jim Doyle : "It’s illegal for a state to say we’re simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. There’s a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining."
Portland Public Schools : Say Portland Public Schools' central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
Facebook posts : “American coronavirus vaccine killed five Ukrainians.”
Stu Burguiere : There are fewer wars, there are fewer people dying in wars "now than there have been in quite some time."
Viral image : NPR posted a story about the Capitol breach before it happened.
Chris Carpenter : "Nobody’s invited us" to the Obama events in Atlanta.
Pink Pony : The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
Debbie Mayfield : "Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion."
Freedom and Responsibility PAC : "Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriff’s Dept. and Social Services."
Michael Bloomberg : "Mayor Bloomberg helped lower the number of uninsured by 40 percent, covering 700,000 more New Yorkers"
Elliott Naishtat : "More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid."
Jon Husted : "Every time we put a ballot issue on, it costs a million dollars."
Jeff Flake : "One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a president’s nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year."
Paul Ryan : "The Canadians — they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent."
Facebook posts : "The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes."
Michael Bloomberg : "Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs.  We set aside 6 percent."
Rob Swearingen : Says Gov. Tony Evers vetoed a school computer program, "saying it would be better spent in urban districts like Madison and Milwaukee."
Patty Murray : "Each year ICE detains someone, it costs taxpayers over $50,000. For comparison, by the way, that's four times the amount the federal government spends on each child in our public schools."
Donald Trump : Michael Bloomberg “did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis!”
Mt. Hood Community College : Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
Jeff Bartos : Capital punishment is a "specific deterrent with the most heinous crimes."
Rick Perry : Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasn't mandatory.
Bill Pascrell : "As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they don’t have health insurance."
Donna Campbell : "Local Government debt in Texas has increased nearly 40% in the past 5 years."
Daniel McKee : The town of Cumberland has "its highest bond rating in history."
Paul Ryan : "Our debt is already bigger than our economy."
YouTube videos : Says Don Lemon’s show has been canceled and he is leaving CNN.
Donald Trump : The federal tax code includes "deductions for birds flying across America."
Rick Santorum : "I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another."
Charles Cooper : "Very few men outlive their own fertility."
Hillary Clinton : "My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June."
Jeb Bush : "As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood."
Mark Warner : The national debt grew an estimated $15 billion last weekend.
Donald Trump : "African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country. The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history. Dems did nothing for you but get your vote!"
Mike Collier : "Glenn Hegar promised to eliminate the property tax."
Anthony Brindisi : "State economic development dollars were used to support a project where goods were manufactured in China."
Facebook posts : "World renowned experts" declare that we should “live normally, practice simple hygiene,” stay home when sick and use protective measures only with “the most vulnerable populations.”
Maggie Hassan : Kelly Ayotte "voted for a budget that had $90 billion of cuts to Pell Grants."
Ken Cuccinelli : "I’ve never supported legislation that invades people’s choices about contraception."
Lindsey Graham : "The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror."
Club for Growth : Says Donald Trump promised "to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the government's going to pay for it."
Glenn Beck : "The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion."
Bloggers : Says Arizona, Missouri and Texas residents have a two-pet limit, so the public must "surrender their third pet to the Humane Society."
New Hampshire Republican Party : Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
Antonio Villaraigosa : "When I became mayor of Los Angeles, we had a 44 percent (high school) graduation rate. I said that was unacceptable. I challenged that notion. I said the mayor needs to be involved with our schools. We need to partner together. As I left, after a number of reforms, we grew our graduation rate from 44 percent to 72."
Donald Trump : Just before Thanksgiving, oil was $54 a barrel, down from $82. "Thank you to Saudi Arabia."
Eric Trump : "When my father became commander in chief of this country, we got out of all international business."
Joyce Kaufman : "Nobody has played clips over and over ... of President Obama (saying), 'If they bring a knife to the fight, we'll bring a gun.' "
Donald Trump : The Benghazi victims were "left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed."
Mike Turzai : “Guess what, [children are] not at risk unless they have an underlying medical issue.”
Barack Obama : "Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003."
Donald Trump : Says he is "cutting illegal immigration in half."
Rick Perry : Says Rick Santorum voted for the Bridge to Nowhere.
Joe Manchin : "By 2022, just the interest payment on our debt will be greater than the defense of our country."
Ted Cruz : Says Marco Rubio "went on Univision, and in Spanish he promised that he would not on the first day in office rescind President Obama's illegal executive action."
Bob Thomas : In Virginia, "the woman has the right to talk to the doctor who’s going to perform the abortion and (Democrats) wanted to strip that out."
Roman Prezioso : "Fifty percent of our (West Virginia) budget was for lower education."
Lisa Hamler-Fugitt : "Ohio currently ranks 50th out of all states in income growth."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Paul Ryan : Says Obama was in New York City the same day as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but went on a TV show instead of meeting with him.
Ohio Democratic Party : "Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself."
Viral image : Photo shows the “USS Al Gore Global Warming Research Vessel” covered in ice.
Chris Sununu : "Every time they’ve done those border patrols, they’ve taken out people who have trafficked drugs. That’s the federal government’s role. They’re doing their job."
Rick Perry : "The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006."
Libertarian National Committee : Says Rick Perry "supported a guest worker program to help people who would otherwise be illegal aliens."
Bloggers : Wisconsin is "dead last in income growth" among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walker’s term.
Buddy Carter : Georgia’s unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
Facebook posts : Says Facebook “is banning Trump from advertising for president.”
Dave Brat : Says Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the Republican conference "for voting our conscience."
Miami-Dade County : Miami-Dade has "the nation’s highest-rated tap water."
Viral image : Photos show six fires around the world “in the last 24 hours.”
Michael Doherty : Says Planned Parenthood provides about 140 visits for prenatal care in each state.
Michele Bachmann : President Obama’s uncle and aunt "are illegal aliens ...  who've been allowed to stay in this country."
Chris Thomas : "Shelby County donated – I’m sorry, gave – 44 schools to the city of Memphis."
Rick Scott : Says Bill Nelson "voted against requiring Iran to recognize Israel and release American hostages."
Bloggers : "Robert Redford Says: Michelle And Barack Obama Should Get Five Years In Prison."
Hillary Clinton : "Classified material has a header which says ‘top-secret, secret, confidential.’ Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header."
Dale Kooyenga : Says minimum markup law goes beyond gas, tobacco and alcohol to make "many doorbuster deals and holiday shopping specials technically against the law."
Mitt Romney : President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict "only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada … We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon."
Tom Coburn : "The government's twice the size it was 10 years ago. It's 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president."
Kenneth Block : Rhode Island's unemployment insurance system "is the most expensive such system in the country."
Maria Shriver : "Two-thirds of American families rely on the mother's income to stay above the poverty level."
Rush Limbaugh : "Somebody in the Obama regime decided to get rid of" the citizenship question in the census.
Viral image : Old photograph shows a group of women in KKK attire holding a sign that reads "Women of the Democrat Party."
Tucker Carlson : “To children and the vast majority of young and middle-aged adults and the vast majority of teachers, (the coronavirus) poses virtually zero threat."
Rick Scott : Because of the federal health care law, "300,000 health plans canceled" in Florida.
Democratic Party of Oregon : Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
John Boehner : "Our unemployment rate has been higher than 8 percent for more than two-and-a-half years, far above what the Obama Administration promised with the 'stimulus.' "
Charles Schumer : "The State Department asked all secretaries of state to send their emails over." Hillary Clinton's "the only one who’s done it."
Ralph Northam : Technology coming to Virginia allows COVID-19 personal protection equipment to be “decontaminated and reused 20 times without degrading performance.”
Marco Rubio : After Hurricane Hermine in 2016, Tallahassee "didn’t have power for weeks because (Mayor Andrew Gillum) stood in the way of crews being able to come in and restore power, because they weren’t members of the right union or something."
Steve Cohen : The United States is no longer "top nation in the globe on infrastructure," having fallen to 15th.
Donald Trump : Illegal immigration on the U.S.-Mexico border is "the lowest in 17 years."
Nancy Pelosi : "Wall Street comes out en masse with its money against House Democrats every election."
Michele Bachmann : Says the Constitution only requires her to tell the census "how many people are in our home."
Sean Duffy : "We're flying 1987 planes with 1987 technology."
Facebook posts : Say Bernie Sanders said, “Italians are gangsters and Irish are drunk and Jews are greedy and black people smell.”
Facebook posts : Says that four Democrats — Sheila Jackson Lee, Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren, and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez — made specific, suspect remarks about such topics as the Constitution, abortion and guns.
Rickey Padgett : John Kerry is "now working on the behalf of foreign terrorist governments."
MSNBC : “Bloomberg spent $500 million on ads. The U.S. population is 327 million. He could have given each American $1 million and still have money left over.”
Julián Castro : "Bernie Sanders voted with Republicans to protect the Minutemen, a hate group that used military tactics against our community."
Rick Scott : Bing Energy said it decided to move to Florida because of Gov. Rick Scott’s "plan to eliminate the corporate tax."
Paul Begala : Says Lee Leffingwell has been mayor of Austin, Texas "for about as long as Sarah Palin was governor of Alaska."
Marianne Williamson : "For every dollar we spend on actual peace creation, we spend over $1,000 on ways to prepare for war."
Facebook posts : “If you go to Antifa.com, it takes you directly to Joe Biden’s webpage...what’s that tell ya…try it yourself.”
Rick Scott : "Our economy is not growing."
Robert Astorino : "I have never once raised the county tax levy -- not for seven straight years."
Donald Trump : "We essentially repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate ... and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : "20 million people could lose their current coverage" … "including our senior citizens who are on Medicare."
Gayle Smith : "Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half."
Joe Brown : "Nobody is leaving Memphis. That's a myth."
Jan Brewer : "Senate Bill 1070, simply, just mirrors federal law."
Sam Adams : Says "for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure."
Tommy Thompson : "During my tenure as governor, Wisconsin’s overall tax burden went DOWN."
Boyd Richie : Says Texas Republican leaders "have proposed laying off thousands of teachers."
Donald Trump : Philadelphia Eagles players stayed "in the Locker Room for the playing of our our National Anthem" or were "kneeling."
Jim DeMint : The Obama-GOP compromise "raises taxes, it raises the death tax."
Viral image : Photos show U.S. senators sleeping in the chamber.
Joe Biden : Says Bernie Sanders “voted against the Brady Bill five times for background checks on people.”
Ron DeSantis : “That meth … it’s almost all coming across the southern border and it’s been accelerating for the last six months.”
Harry Reid : Nevada will be "energy independent within the immediate future."
Ivanka Trump : "The single-largest expense in  over half of American households is child care."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Maggie Hassan "missed nearly every university system board meeting."
Bill Clinton : Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."
Mark Pocan : Under "Trumpcare," the Republican replacement for Obamacare, "$600 billion worth of tax breaks will go to the wealthiest in this country."
Anthony Weiner : "Under the plan, for the first five years your employer not only has to keep the coverage, but you can't migrate to the public plan."
Lincoln Chafee : "Rhode Island is one of only six states" to use E-Verify.
Jan Schakowsky : "Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition" that could affect their health care coverage.
Facebook posts : "794 law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since B.H. Obama took office, with no special recognition from the White House."
Donald Trump : "I never called John (McCain) a loser."
Mike DeWine : Says Mary Taylor has a work schedule that is "almost untraceable."
Seneca Jones : Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: "Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?"
Instagram posts : Says H.R. 1 gives immigrants illegally in the country “the right to vote.”
Facebook posts : Says police are warning shoppers to use wipes to clean their carts over deadly risk of fentanyl residue.
Jeb Bush : "The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land."
Rick Santorum : As a result of welfare reform, "poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children."
Mitch McConnell : New financial regulation "actually guarantees future bailouts of Wall Street banks."
Eric Cantor : Because of the health care act, "The people who have health care and like it in this county are not going to be able to keep what they have."
Kim Reynolds : “Kids are less likely to get it (COVID-19). You know, they’re less likely to spread. So I think there’s some pretty good data out there that will help alleviate some of the concerns.”
Kasim Reed : "Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation."
Sean Hannity : "When you read the Koran, it talks about don't take Christians and Jews as your friends."
Donald Trump : “Cases, numbers and deaths (of COVID-19) are going down all over the Country!”
Kinky Friedman : "The current (agriculture) commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias."
Campaign Money Watch : "McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician."
MoveOn.org : "He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero — yes, zero — from the League of Conservation Voters last year."
Facebook posts : “Corona virus: Florida man arrested for robbery using cough as a weapon.”
David Beckham : "Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world."
Loren Collins : A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
Nick Freitas : Abigail Spanberger “has voted with Nancy Pelosi over 90% of the time…”
Chris Danou : A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is "creating exceptions in the law for politicians."
Dan Patrick : "We have 80,000 abortions in Texas every year."
John McCain : "Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona."
Donald Trump : "We have spent $7 trillion, trillion with a T, $7 trillion in the Middle East."
Scott Brown : "Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts."
Dan Patrick : Says for the coronavirus, “the death rate in Texas, per capita of 29 million people, we're one of the lowest in the country."
Bloggers : “Election worker brags about destroying Trump ballots; rips up a ballot for DJT on video.”
Facebook posts : A post comparing two construction workers — “Joe legal” and “Jose illegal” — says “Jose” pays no taxes yet gets free medical care, food stamps, welfare, and 'head of the class' priority for his children in applying for college.
Priorities USA Action : "If Rick Scott had his way he would encourage racially profiling immigrant communities here in Florida. He also opposed allowing Dreamers to remain in the U.S."
Hillary Clinton : Says Paul Ryan "is still endorsing Trump."
Progress for Austin PAC : "Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill."
Rick Santorum : "President Obama once said he wants everybody in America to go to college."
Diane McKeel : Says "Studies show the average age of entry into prostitution is 12 to 14 years old."
Nancy Pelosi : "Seventy-six percent of the American people support us passing the DREAM Act … with citizenship and legalization as part of it all. … More than 60 percent of Republicans support that."
Facebook posts : “Now that it’s even, Nevada decides to stop counting and is now not going to count anything until TOMORROW! What?!”
Barack Obama : "Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as they’ve been in decades."
Facebook posts : “Myanmar used Dominion Voting Systems.”
Scott Walker : "Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan."
Campaign for America's Future : Says "Congressman Eric Cantor wants to eliminate Social Security."
Scott Wagner : "Our unemployment rate is 20 percent higher than the national average."
Corey Stewart : "President Trump proposed the increase to $700 billion to our military budget, which included the 355-ship Navy, which included a military pay increase, a modest one, which included, a yet even more modest housing allowance, but yet (Sen. Tim Kaine) even voted against giving more money to our men and women who are in the military service and against our housing allowance."
Mike Gibbons : "A lot" of Sen. Sherrod Brown’s policies "reflect that interest in Marxism" and a fondness for communism.
Jean Evans : "Missouri, in general, has more crime, percentage-wise, than the rest of the country. So, we are seeing overall crime throughout the country is going down but not here in Missouri."
Ted Cruz : Says "Rosie O’Donnell apparently committed the same offense five times, five times, when she broke the identical law that Dinesh (D'Souza) was prosecuted for."
Barack Obama : "Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect."
Bloggers : "Indiana has purged no less than 20,000 voters in violation of a federal court order."
Facebook posts : Says Thomas Jefferson said "the government will one day be corrupt and filled with liars and the people will flock to the one who tells the truth."
Barack Obama : The debt ceiling deal will result in "the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
Republican National Committee : "Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to."
Jack Kingston : David Perdue "has never voted in a Republican primary until his name was on the ballot."
Kelly Ayotte : Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
Sacramento Bee Editorial Board : Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
Donald Trump : "President Trump has lifted the prospect of voters across Vermont, overseeing a 11,742 decline of Vermont residents on food stamps."
Barack Obama : John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
Marco Rubio : "We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression."
Rodney Ellis : Says state lawmakers have voted to "spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times" since the fund’s creation.
Rick Perry : Says that under his tax plan, "no matter where you are in the stratosphere, you're going to be getting a tax cut."
Lawrence O'Donnell : "Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant."
E. Gordon Gee : "In West Virginia, we have 20,000 jobs in which we don’t have skilled workers."
Dick Black : Says Jill McCabe "supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable."
Richard Land : Rubio's "got more experience than Obama had."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : "Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote"
Bloggers : Government orders South African firm "to lay off 3,389 white employees."
Nate McMurray : "Evidence is mounting that marijuana legalization reduces opioid addiction numbers."
Instagram posts : “California has a personal belief exemption to any new vaccine added to the schedule after June 2015 for public and private daycare, preschool and K-12.”
Greenville Gazette : Texas legislation "would allow… teachers to kill their students if they felt it was needed."
Congressional Leadership Fund : Dan McCready "did admit he opposes middle class tax cuts."
Mitt Romney : "When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it."
Facebook posts : The Buffalo protester pushed to the ground “had been previously arrested 300 times. 82 times for incitement. Riots is what he does for a living.”
Paul Maner : Says Jordan Davis, son of Georgia Congresswoman Lucy McBath, was killed in "a drug deal gone bad."
Will Weatherford : "One out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there."
Facebook posts : “Toxicology report was made public by the MN prosecution revealing the cause of George Floyd’s death was a fentanyl overdose.”
Viral image : A photo shows Democratic U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi posing and smiling in front of a Trump 2020 sign.
Ted Strickland : Says Rob Portman was a registered foreign agent whose "client was Haiti, at a time when the Baby Doc, Duvalier, who was a despot, was killing people."
Rosemary Lehmberg : Says she "created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders" in Texas.
Marco Rubio : "There was never a single shred of evidence presented to anyone" that the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, were "spontaneous, and in fact, the CIA themselves understood that early on."
Erica Smith : Says she's beating Democratic opponent Cal Cunningham and is also the first black, female US Senate candidate to be beating an incumbent Senator (Thom Tillis) in "every poll out of the gate."
Rick Scott : "Your politicians in Tallahassee today are saying, in your area, that they don't need any more jobs. That is exactly what Rep. Paul Renner said."
Erin Burnett : If President Trump decides to deploy the U.S. military domestically, he would be “mobilizing U.S. military troops on American soil for the first time since 1807.”
Paul Broun : "There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns."
The Accountability Project : Says former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez  both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
Facebook posts : "Beto O’Rourke wants to confiscate guns because he can’t buy one himself due to his criminal record."
Donald Trump : “Joe Biden confirmed his plan to abolish the entire U.S. oil industry.”
Joe Biden : There has been “no question of our credibility from our allies around the world” regarding how the U.S. is withdrawing from Afghanistan.
Daily Caller : "Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed ‘watered-down’ HIV/AIDS drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa."
Portland Public Schools : Says "PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years."
Heather McGhee : "Less than half" of jobs at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana "are actually staying."
Caleb Rowden : “Over three months after receiving CARES Act relief funds from the state, the county has still not made those dollars available to help struggling Mid-Missourians.”
Mitch McConnell : Says NC absentee voters have "no way" to know if ballots are delivered
Brett Giroir : “Five veterinary labs have their CLIA certification to officially test human patients. There are a lot of labs who are doing surveillance testing that don't need the CLIA certification.”
Wisconsin Assembly GOP : “Republicans on the Joint Finance Committee removed more than $8 billion in spending increases from Gov. Evers' budget proposal.”
Donald Trump : "Many presidents don’t get the chance to put a Supreme Court justice on."
Mitt Romney : Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
Kellyanne Conway : "This is longest that the nation has gone without a secretary of the Treasury, at least in modern times. If it's not the longest, it's darn close to it."
Steve Case : "Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants."
Thad Altman : Says students who receive free or reduced lunch are "performing just as well" as students who do not.
Scott Walker : Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to "participate in union activities such as collective bargaining."
Mike Pence : Says that "along the southern border of the U.S.," the government apprehends "seven individuals a day who are either known or suspected terrorists."
Ron Wyden : Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
Mark Brodeur : Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
Tom Cotton : Says Hillary Clinton "was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia."
Newt Gingrich : Says Mitt Romney "put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."
Beto O'Rourke : "For more than a year, I have been saying that it’s time for Congress to act and begin impeachment proceedings."
Joe Biden : Says Bernie Sanders voted against the auto bailout
Texans for America's Future PAC : "Thanks to (Rick) Perry's bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel."
Barack Obama : "We got back every dime used to rescue the banks."
Scott Maddox : After the oil spill, Congressman Adam Putnam "doubled down saying all energy sources, including oil drilling in the Gulf, should be considered just days after the oil spill started."
Celia Israel : "When adjusted for inflation, (Texas) per-student spending has remained relatively flat over the past 16 years. Despite that trend, Texas schools in 2017 will receive $381 less per student than they did in 2003."
Scott Walker : "Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history."
Debra Medina : "At present spending levels, only citizens of New York have a greater local debt burden than Texans."
Ron Ramsey : Claims credit for food tax reductions that "previous Democrat regimes refused to make."
Ron DeSantis : Says Joe Biden has driven the current coronavirus surge because he “imported more virus from around the world by having a wide open southern border.”
Bill O'Reilly : "More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here."
Donald Trump : “Now, they’re doing tests on airlines — very strong tests — for getting on, getting off. They’re doing tests on trains — getting on, getting off.”
Mooncult : A video shows Joe Biden making a racist comment.
Lamar Smith : "One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants."
Kim Guadagno : After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports.
Viral image : Says Donald Trump said, "Immigrants aren’t people, they’re animals."
Donald Trump : "I'm self-funding my own campaign."
Facebook posts : Nancy Pelosi ordered a 220-seat Boeing 757 to fly to her home state, costing taxpayers nearly $5.8 million annually.
Chris Christie : Says "kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of Newark this past September, 23 percent of them will graduate in four years."
Donald Trump : "According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country."
Free Thought Project : "It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process."
Pat Toomey : “There will be several thousand dollars in payments going to families with six-figure incomes who’ve had no income interruption whatsoever.”
National Rifle Association : Says Barack Obama is "trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks."
Robert Hurt : The Democrats' health care reform law is a "government takeover of health care."
Terry McAuliffe : "Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old."
Cal Cunningham : "Mitch McConnell said he wanted states to go bankrupt instead of the federal government providing relief. Today, Thom Tillis agreed."
Hillary Clinton : Barack Obama said in 2004 "that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war."
Bloggers : Says a photo shows Brett Kavanaugh passed out.
Facebook posts : Says Melania Trump is the “first FLOTUS to visit troops in a combat zone since 1969.”
Tim Scott : Says Democrats blocked his efforts at police reform.
Democratic Governors Association : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker "is denying Democrats the right to vote."
Viral image : “George Floyd’s younger brother, Dejywan Floyd, has been arrested in North Carolina for a ‘road rage’ shooting of a white couple, killing the mother of six sitting in the passenger seat.”
Brandon Creighton : "Texas actually leads in the number of (Confederate) monuments removed."
Sid Miller : Says a poll showed 70 percent to 75 percent of people want to see Confederate statues "remain up and not taken down."
Andy Gronik : Wisconsin is "guaranteeing Foxconn almost $3 billion, but Foxconn is not contractually guaranteeing how many full-time employees it will hire, for how long and at what pay."
Donald Trump : "I've gotten rid of the Johnson Amendment … I signed an executive order so that now ... ministers and and preachers and rabbis and whoever it may be, they can speak. You know, you couldn’t speak politically before, now you can."
Mary Burke : "The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota" under Gov. Scott Walker’s policies.
Raymond Bateman : Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had "the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history."
Donald Trump : "The murder rate in our country is the highest it’s been in 47 years."
Viral image : Photo shows a semi-truck that crashed with a Chevy pickup that cut in front of it.
Donna Shalala : "The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month."
Facebook posts : "Japan has banned all (Black Lives Matter) apparel from the Olympics. No one can kneel or raise fists during the anthems either."
Facebook posts : “Trump said ‘hundreds’ of governors are calling him…& we only have 50.”
Cheri Toalson Reisch : “The Columbia school buildings in my district have the lowest test scores in all of Boone County.”
Nancy Pelosi : Bush's tax cuts for high earners "have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit."
Markel Hutchins : There are twice as many gun shops as McDonald’s in the United States.
Linda Finn : "Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldn't figure out who has a gun."
Donald Trump : The U.S. has to go to "plane graveyards" and museums to get parts for its 20-year-old jet fighters while it sells new jets to other countries.
Roy Blunt : "This year, 97 Missouri counties have only one insurer participating in the Obamacare exchanges. Last year, every Missouri county had at least two insurance options. In addition, most Missourians will see an increase in their premiums, with some facing an increase upward of 40 percent"
Viral image : “Kim Martin Morrow the CEO of Netflix has just been charged with 15 charges for child pornography”
Facebook posts : "Biden wants to end Shareholder Capitalism.. that's your 401k..your pensions.. your retirement.. are you voting for that???"
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows accused shooter Kyle Rittenhouse’s mother, armed with a long gun, in Kenosha, Wisconsin, on the night two protesters were killed and one injured.
TikTok posts : Data show that more white people than Black people are shot and killed by police.
Charles Schumer : In 2010, uninsured voters made up "about 5 percent of the electorate."
Patrick Kennedy : "One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies."
Donald Trump : "Big victory moments ago in the State of Nevada. The all Democrat County Commissioner race, on same ballot as President, just thrown out because of large scale voter discrepancy."
Joseph Trillo : "There are 30,000 people that have been killed with seat belts."
Lamar Smith : "Last year," Obama "administration officials released into our neighborhoods more than 36,000 criminal immigrants who had nearly 88,000 convictions. The crimes included hundreds of convictions for murder, rape and kidnapping and thousands of drug-related crimes."
Amy Klobuchar : "After a decade of progress, the rate of uninsured children is now rising."
Donald Trump : “We won Georgia easily. We won it by hundreds of thousands of votes.”
Viral image : Photo shows “7 Marines killed in training exercise yesterday.”
Facebook posts : Says Tom Hanks’ name is on Jeffrey Epstein’s flight logs.
New Jersey Senate Democrats : "The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Donald Trump kissing Ivanka Trump on the lips.
Sean Hannity : "During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times."
Ted Cruz : "Small businesses (are) going out of business in record numbers."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders : "Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea. ... There are multiple news outlets that have reported" former President Barack Obama ordered wiretapping on Trump.
Mitt Romney : The Red Sox waited "87 long years" to win the World Series.
Vernon Jones : "Four years as a congressman, he [U.S. Rep. Hank Johnson] never talked about MARTA."
Mike Rogers : Says Rep. Justin Amash "votes more with the Democrats than with the Republicans."
Patty Murray : In the past three years, state legislatures have "enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined."
Facebook posts : Says news stories referencing 322 and COVID-19 are proof cases are being “synchronized”
Carlos Curbelo : Says Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trump's last wedding.
Bill Post : Oregon Rep. Tina Kotek, D-Portland, has "never held a job nor run a business"
George LeMieux : "750 days since Bill Nelson & the Democrats in the Senate passed a budget. How can this be justified?"
Texas Democratic Party : "In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party."
Anthony Bucco : Says "an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton" is responsible for "years of diversions" from the state’s unemployment insurance trust fund.
Monica Wehby : Some businesses in Oregon "are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law."
Bloggers : Says Brett "Kavanaugh accuser Christine Blasey exposed for ties to Big Pharma abortion pill maker… effort to derail Kavanaugh is plot to protect abortion industry profits."
PuppetStringNews.com : Says "2,267 caravan invaders have tuberculosis, HIV, chickenpox and other health issues"
Club for Growth : Says potential GOP U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supported "Obamacare"
Barack Obama : "I know that Hillary on occasion has said — just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy."
Adam Hasner : "Obama-Nelson economic record: Job creation ... at slowest post-recession rate since Great Depression."
Mark Batinick : Says California has "30% or a third of the country’s people living at or below the poverty level."
Facebook posts : "Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor."
Allen West : Says Patrick Murphy is trying to "hide his drunken assault of a police officer."
Raul Labrador : Immigrants "can show up at any embassy or consulate abroad" to make their asylum claims.
Ted Cruz : Under President Barack Obama, "We’ve got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978."
Bloggers : Sarah Huckabee Sanders dressed up as KKK member on Halloween in 1993.
Steven Rattner : The United States is "behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead."
Joe Biden : John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
Everytown for Gun Safety : There have been 74 "school shootings in America since Sandy Hook."
"Gavin Newsom : ""Cost of iPhone: $399
- Cost of healthcare for 1 year: $10,345
- Hearing @jasoninthehouse compare the 2 as if they are the same: priceless"""
Twentyeightmay : Kurt Russell said that celebrities shouldn't "get political" when it comes to Donald Trump.
Howard Dean : "Mike Pence voted against expanding the Children’s Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start."
Ted Cruz : "When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. There’s only one other four-year period where that’s true. That’s true from 2008 to 2012."
Florida First Initiative : Of hospitals in Rick Scott’s Columbia/HCA health care company, "A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."
Mitt Romney : "A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America."
Joe Biden : “There's no court session between now and the end of this election.”
Chain email : "Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent."
Mitt Romney : John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
Facebook posts : The U.S. is “now importing 800,000 barrels of oil from Russia,” but that could have been prevented if the Keystone XL pipeline hadn’t been cancelled.
Bloggers : Say Lance Armstrong is dead.
Ted Cruz : “39% of Americans … 31% of independents ... 17% of Democrats believe the election was rigged."
Kelly O'Donnell : In Massachusetts, Scott Brown's Republican affiliation is "not a secret, but clearly not on display."
Everytown for Gun Safety : The rate of U.S. female homicide victims outnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2½ to 1.
Kirsten Gillibrand : A transaction tax in countries like the UK "didn't affect their financial markets at all."
Grover Norquist : "Every time we've cut the capital gains tax, the economy has grown. Whenever we raise the capital gains tax, it's been damaged."
Frederica Wilson : Says Betsy DeVos is the "most unpopular person in our government."
Mitt Romney : "President Obama's suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0."
Joe Biden : Cervical cancer in Africa is "fully preventable with basic education, screening and vaccines."
Hillary Clinton : Obama "only wants your children to have health insurance."
Occupy Democrats : "If Trump had just put his father’s money in a mutual fund ... he’d have $8 billion."
Lamar Alexander : The Obama administration's cap-and-trade plan would create "a $1,761 yearly energy tax."
Viral image : "449,000 Californians turned down jury duty because they were not citizens… but they were registered voters."
Mitt Romney : "Speaker Gingrich has said that we ought to get rid of our child labor laws."
Bloggers : "Clinton Foundation ordered to cease operations – Chelsea (Clinton) charged with fraud!"
Ron Paul : Rick Perry "was the (campaign) chairman for Al Gore at one time, not too many years ago."
Kris Kobach : The Department of Homeland Security’s database of legal immigrants has "never" been "bounced against a state’s voter rolls."
Viral image : Photos show Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, Gretchen Whitmer and Cory Booker violating COVID-19 safety precautions.
Chris Christie : Says Hillary Clinton "said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, that's not true."
Police Chief Billy Grogan : Georgia has more than 700 law enforcement agencies, and fewer than 20 percent of them are state-certified.
Scott Walker : In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin "ranked third in the Midwest."
BookerFail : Says Cory Booker "supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations."
Maggie Hassan : "Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire."
Viral image : “1977: Biden said integrating black students would turn schools into ‘a jungle… a racial jungle.’”
Steve Moore : The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is "an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960."
Viral image : “‘LOL’ stands for ‘Lucifer our Lord.’ Satanists end their prayers by saying ‘Lucifer our Lord’.”
Rick Perry : Says he "came to the Republican Party sooner in age" than Ronald Reagan.
John Carter : “The bill also provides full federal funding for abortions…”
Donald Trump : Says Wisconsin "hadn’t been won by a Republican since Dwight D. Eisenhower, in 1952. And I won Wisconsin. …  Ronald Reagan, remember, Wisconsin was the state that Ronald Reagan did not win."
Bloggers : CNN accidentally aired 30 minutes of pornography in Boston on Thanksgiving night.
Facebook posts : “McDonald’s and Coke have both announced no whites will be hired in top positions.”
Bloggers : "3,000-Pound Great White Shark Captured in Great Lakes."
Newt Gingrich : Since 2007, "Texas has gained 440,000 people" while "Maryland has lost 20,000."
Marco Rubio : The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight "is not amnesty."
Josh Mandel : "Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China."
Mary Taylor : Says that even if you have no children, "under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it."
National Rifle Association : "The Obama administration approved the sale of bump fire stocks on at least two occasions."
Facebook posts : Quotes Abraham Lincoln as saying, “You cannot help the poor by destroying the rich.”
Russell McMurry : Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
Kay Hagan : Says Thom Tillis "refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS."
Facebook posts : A slain Chicago police officer left behind a two-month-old baby.
Joe Biden : “More cops have died from COVID this year than have been killed on patrol.”
Tom Graves : President Barack Obama's veto of the Keystone XL pipeline killed "42,000 jobs."
Tammy Baldwin : "Voter turnout in 2016 was reduced by approx. 200,000 votes because of WI’s photo ID laws."
Instagram posts : “Biden confirms agenda to microchip the masses”
John Boehner : "Student loan rates set to double because a Democratic-controlled Congress voted to double them."
Stephanie Cutter : "Mitt Romney’s platform ...won't protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families."
Sam Rashid : The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers "up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa."
Bloggers : Says Beto O’Rourke's campaign "told Texas VFW to remove their American flag" because O'Rourke has "an aversion to the American flag and symbols of patriotism."
Hillary Clinton : "The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing."
Our Principles PAC : Says Donald "Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush."
Martin O'Malley : Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan "that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class."
Scott Walker : "We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow."
Facebook posts : Says the CDC now says that the coronavirus can survive on surfaces for up to 17 days.
Matt Gaetz : In Australia "they went and confiscated all the guns. You know who did what Australia did? Venezuela."
Bernie Sanders : "We’ve spent more money on the military than the next 12 nations combined."
Paul Broun : A United Nations arms treaty would "almost certainly force" the U.S. to "create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation."
Barack Obama : "Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed."
Scott Neitzel : The state contributed $80 million for the new Bucks arena, but new income tax revenue from basketball events alone "is estimated to be probably over $600 million over the life of the lease."
Viral image : Instagram users must post a note or "everything you’ve ever posted becomes public from today."
Instagram posts : 75 doctors in South Florida walked out in protest as their hospital was flooded with unvaccinated COVID-19 patients
Bloggers : Says Elizabeth Warren, asked about the Mollie Tibbetts murder, said “I know this is hard for her family, but they have to remember that we need to focus on real problems, like illegal immigrants not being able to see their kids.”
Facebook posts : “The State of Florida has announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus starting on March 6, 2020. All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th.”
Bill O'Reilly : "The 'Denver Post' has actually hired an editor to promote pot."
Jim Whelan : "In our proposal, we would have expanded school aid across the board … Governor Christie slashed school aid in this budget, preferring instead to extend a tax break for millionaires over funding in the classroom."
Jeb Bush : "If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. It's been that way now for almost two years."
Chris Dudley : Says John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes.
Bloggers : "Evidence shows Zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid."
Now8News.com : "United Airlines flight attendant slaps crying baby during flight."
Tim Kaine : "When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said ‘no, we're building a wall and we're deporting everybody.’ He said, quote, ‘they will all be gone. They will all be gone.’ This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said."
Bill White : Says that under Gov. Rick Perry, Texas Department of Public Safety troopers have had "standing orders" not to inquire into the immigration status of people unless they're under arrest.
Bill O'Reilly : "We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said you're going to jail if you don't buy health insurance. Nobody's ever said it."
Facebook posts : Quotes Albert Einstein as saying "I fear the day technology will surpass human interaction. The world will have a generation of idiots."
Tim Kaine : Says Donald Trump is "against minimum wage."
Facebook posts : “PELOSI says if President TRUMP wins, she will resign!!”
Pipo News : "Civil war erupts in Sweden as irate Swedes burn nine Muslim refugee centers to the ground"
Chris Chocola : Says Sen. Thad Cochran "voted to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ... the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska instead of shifting the money to repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina."
Chris Christie : "I used my line-item veto authority to veto $360 million dollars in special interest spending, so that our budget this year ... is still smaller than the fiscal year 2008 and 2009 budgets signed by my predecessor."
Sonny Perdue : Georgia's high school graduation rate topped 80 percent in 2010.
Tim Moore : "North Carolina's teacher income is rising faster than any other state."
Facebook posts : "People are being diagnosed with delta variant" even though "there is no delta variant test."
Republican Party of Florida : Says Hillary Clinton "voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500."
Mark Neumann : The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
Bob McDonnell : For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
Senate Conservatives Fund : "John Cornyn has voted to increase the debt, raise taxes, bail out Wall Street banks and fund Obamacare."
Viral image : If you are licensed to carry a concealed weapon, wearing a face covering for coronavirus "removes your conceal carry ability."
Marcy Kaptur : Says when she "helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No."
Facebook posts : Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
Pat Toomey : “In my state, as in many other states, we have governors who are closing down businesses again.”
Nourtey : "Hollywood celebs: We will go on ‘total strike’ if Trump does not resign."
JB Pritzker : When COVID-19 struck, the Illinois Department of Employment Security “was hit with something no one expected: 10 to 20 times the claims, even during the worst recession of my lifetime.”
Ed Gillespie : Mark Warner’s "record is one of acting against" the Keystone XL pipeline.
Bloggers : "President Donald Trump signed DEPLOYMENT ORDERS for the 82nd Airborne Division of the United States Army, instructing them to deploy from Ft. Bragg, NC, to the U.S. southern border at Mexico."
Boris Johnson : Global poverty is down to "less than 10% today from 37% in 1990."
Allan Fung : "Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor."
Christopher L. Smith : The election bill "allows persons to correct an absentee ballot if they did not sign it and requires an extra two hours a day for early voting. Everything else in this bill is discretionary."
Anonymous Caller : Says that unless the recipient called back about "your tax filings," you "will be taken into custody by the local cops as there are more serious allegations pressed on your name."
Jon Erpenbach : "If out-of-state drivers paid gas tax, they would contribute $73 million to fix our roads"
Glee : "The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language."
Doug Stoner : "I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000."
John Oliver : Says Keene, N.H., requested a "military-grade armored personnel truck," citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as "a possible target" for terrorists.
Rick Perry : Says the state's Medicaid waiver proposal "has languished in a file cabinet at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for more than two years."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Patrick Murphy "never worked as a CPA" and was "never a small business owner."
Louie Gohmert : Says that "all those who do not answer directly to the president, they've said (repealing Don't Ask, Don't Tell) is a terrible idea."
John McCain : Barack Obama "wants to nearly double the capital gains tax" increasing taxes on "mutual funds, 401(k)s" for "policemen, firemen, nurses."
Mitt Romney : Says Rick Perry wrote a newspaper item saying he was "open to amnesty" for illegal immigrants in the United States.
Facebook posts : The coronavirus can’t be so dangerous because there are no biohazard bins for COVID-19 masks and gloves.
Andrew Cuomo : “Go look at other countries that went through exactly this, started to reopen, and then they saw the infection rate go back up again.”
Jack Reed : "Even Roger Williams National Memorial in my home state of Rhode Island attracted nearly 51,000 visitors in 2011, with non local visitors adding more than $3.2 million to the local economy."
John Cornyn : "Texas remains one of the most severely impacted states from drug trafficking. Nearly 3,000 Texans died from drug related deaths in 2017 – with half being overdoses involving opioids."
Jeff Jackson : Says North Carolina's average teacher salary was at the national average "back when I was in public school."
Facebook posts : “I pay $165 a month on my student loans for the next 13 years to pay them off. With Bernie Sanders’ plan, my student loans will be forgiven. I’ll only have to pay $450 extra in taxes a month for the next 25 years to make sure I’ll have no more student debt.”
Steven Frias : "Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises."
David Dewhurst : In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants "more of Texans’ private data" via health care.
Robert Gibbs : "We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nation’s history."
Tim McGinty : "We are almost halfway to our goal of 1,000 rapes prosecuted!"
Jack Conway : Rand Paul wants "to end all federal faith-based initiatives, and even end the deduction for religious charities."
Jim Justice : "This is the largest cumulative surplus for the first six months of any fiscal year in state history."
Rick Scott : "We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years."
Facebook posts : "Matt Gaetz has had numerous DUIs and his dad got him off each time. He was part of a company that had to pay 75 million in hospice fraud. They stole from dying people."
Martin O'Malley : "The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that he’d be just fine with either Bush or Clinton."
Lou Dobbs : "We are watching, you know, millions of illegal immigrants cross our borders, and many of them voting in the past election that's what, just a couple weeks ago."
Viral image : Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted, “It’s vital that Governors maintain restrictions on businesses until after the November Elections because economic recovery will help Trump be re-elected. A few business closures or job losses is a small price to pay to be free from his presidency. #KeepUsClosed.”
Mark Pocan : "The United States is the ONLY industrialized country without universal healthcare."
Donald Trump : "According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law."
Stephen Carter : The 5-4 decisions the Supreme Court reaches "are going up."
Donald Trump : “If you look at the one (hydroxychloroquine) survey, the only bad survey, they were giving it to people that were in very bad shape. They were very old. Almost dead.”
Wayne Goodwin : Says his opponent for NC Insurance Commissioner is a "perennial candidate" over 30 years.
Adam Putnam : "Congressman (Ron) DeSantis sponsored legislation to increase sales taxes by 23 percent, hurting families, destroying jobs, devastating tourism"
Bobby Jindal : "I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before."
Michele Bachmann : "We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic."
Kelly Ayotte : Under President George W. Bush, "we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama … we’ve added $6.5 trillion to the debt."
Crossroads GPS : Stimulus money went to "office upgrades for politicians."
Tom Leppert : Says opponent David Dewhurst is a "career politician."
Viral image : Photo shows people protesting the 2020 election in Washington D.C. on Jan. 5, 2021.
Cory Booker : "Farmer suicide rates are as high as they have been since the Great Depression."
Viral image : A New Hampshire congressman was arrested "when caught by Capitol police defacing the presidential limousine with swastikas."
Martin O'Malley : "Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me."
Ted Cruz : Says "Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. He'll cut deals."
Duey Stroebel : "We’ve had more voter turnout since voter ID was passed than ever before."
Ron Johnson : Deficit spending ‘exploded during the Obama administration’ to $5.3 trillion over four years, compared to $2 trillion in eight years under President George W. Bush.
Heartland Institute : Work requirements "have been proven to help impoverished families move from dependency to self-sufficiency."
Mitch McConnell : Says a new report shows the "devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians."
Mick Mulvaney : "There's no demonstrable evidence they (after-school programs that feed kids) are helping kids do better at school."
Rudy Giuliani : Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Dan Webster supports "privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security."
Florida Chamber of Commerce : Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and "the biggest expenditure at the state."
Jeb Bush : "My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family."
Barack Obama : Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... "the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated."
Bill O'Reilly : "A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country."
Facebook posts : Says Will Smith and his son Jaden Smith died in a car crash.
John Lewis : "Opponents of Section 5 (of the Voting Rights Act) complain of state expense, yet their only cost is the paper, postage and manpower required to send copies of legislation to the federal government for review."
Donald Trump : Says Pennsylvania chemical plant and Louisiana liquified natural gas plant "could never have happened" without his administration.
AmericanNews.com : "BUSTED: NASA Accidentally destroys every climate change advocate by exposing massive truth behind Antarctica."
Roland Gutierrez : Says Pete Gallego canceled a "planned meeting with the families of Sandy Hook victims."
Scott Walker : Says Bill Clinton signed a law "very similar to," and Barack Obama voted for a law "something like," Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Barack Obama : "This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency."
Nikki Fried : "Hemp has 25,000-35,000 known usages. That means it is going to be something that will replace plastics, and styrofoam and concrete."
Texas Values : Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip "mother" and "father" from future Texas birth certificates.
Roy Cooper : "North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation."
Rick Scott : The significant drop in Florida’s unemployment rate is a good economic sign.
Tammy Baldwin : Federal law adopted "under Tommy Thompson's watch" prohibits the government from negotiating for "better prices" on prescription drugs for senior citizens
Viral image : Says Abraham Lincoln said, "America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we lose our freedoms it will be because we have destroyed ourselves from within."
Jeb Bush : "I released all my emails."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney’s carried interest income was a tax "trick."
Florida First Initiative : "Reporters have uncovered another Scott company accused of criminal acts. But Scott won't come clean."
VoteVets.org : The American Power Act "would cut our dependence on oil in half."
Paul Sarlo : Says Gov. Chris Christie’s proposal to reduce state income taxes "would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years."
Ann Lininger : Says Measure 3-386 will cost a fortune for elections while Measure 3-388 will cost less.
Jeff Merkley : "400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care" through the Affordable Care Act.
Ron Johnson : Says he "started" the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns.
Terry McAuliffe : Glenn Youngkin “called COVID relief ‘unnecessary.’”
Facebook posts : The death of George Floyd was a "staged event."
John Hickenlooper : "We got to almost universal coverage in health care in Colorado."
Viral image : "Ida B. Wells refused to give up her seat 71 years before Rosa Parks did. At age 33, she owned the first African American newspaper in Chicago, the Chicago Conservator. Why do you never hear about her? Because she was a Republican."
Viral image : " 'Denali' is the Kenyan word for 'black power.' "
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Sean Duffy’s Republican Majority."
Bill Maher : "Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? I'm not joking."
Viral image : A Virginia principal "expelled two kids for wearing a crucifix around their necks  saying, ‘there is no place for religion at school.’"
Chris Christie : Says "over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003."
Greg Abbott : Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
Chain email : McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
Joe Sestak : Says Pat Toomey visited Joe Sestak and other veterans in 2002 "and then came home and voted against every veterans appropriations bill."
Donald Trump : The New York Police Department used to have "surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. ... Our mayor totally cut that out."
Facebook posts : “The Supreme Court ruled today NO VOTING BY MAIL !!!”
Jim Huffman : "Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon."
Hillary Clinton : "You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump says about Muslims is used to recruit fighters."
Bruce Rauner : Says he presented "a balanced budget."
Cory Booker : "Even the (Congressional Budget Office) says if you lower Medicare to allow 50 year olds to get into it, you can not only save the government money, but you can lower premiums for all Americans."
Viral image : Says Samuel L. Jackson said, "Maybe if we underpaid these modern mumble rappers and overpaid teachers there would be smarter people in the future and less s----- music."
Rick Perry : Says the state’s budget shortfall is "not that much different" than it was in 2003.
New Jersey Education Association : "Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "gave up 20 percent of America's uranium supply to Russia."
TikTok posts : “Biden says he doesn’t need voters to get elected.”
Hillary Clinton : Congress will begin its recess "without having allocated one penny" to fight Zika.
Donald Trump : The Ninth Circuit has an overturned record "close to 80%."
Viral image : “Pfizer CEO’s Israel visit canceled because he is not fully vaccinated.”
Anissa Naouai : "The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world" combined.
Barack Obama : Republicans “have shown themselves willing to cut millions off their health insurance and eliminate preexisting condition protections for millions more, even in the middle of this public health crisis."
John Carlevale : Four members of the Rhode Island General Assembly "went to vote in 2010 and were told they had already voted."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton's "plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes."
Jeff Tittel : "A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans."
Mike Rogers : "Donald Trump is appealing as much to Democrats as he is to Republicans."
Public Citizen : A loophole "still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit."
Anna Little : "We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone."
Todd Staples : "To deprive" underprivileged children "of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Raphael Warnock supports boycotts of Georgia to protest voting law.
Viral image : The Dayton, Ohio, shooting suspect died in 2014.
Viral image : Photo shows Joe Biden groping Jen Psaki.
David Axelrod : Obama's plan for health care reform "ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays."
Scott Walker : Says the secret John Doe criminal investigation of his campaign has been "resolved" and two judges have said it is "over."
Marco Rubio : "Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus."
Chuck Hagel : "It isn't me cutting the budget. It's the Congress' decision on sequestration. So it isn't secretary of defense or the president doing this."
Mary Burke : "The nation as a whole has created jobs at a rate that is two times the rate that we have created jobs here in Wisconsin under Gov. Walker."
Richard Shelby : "The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit."
Michael Chippendale : "The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who don’t legally possess that firearm in the first place."
Jeff Sessions : Says President Barack Obama "has allowed, each year he's been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... They've declined every year since President Bush left office."
Marco Rubio : Says a question about his financial skills at the CNBC debate included "discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents."
Paul Ryan : "Today, if you were raised poor, you’re just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago."
Sean Hannity : "You can’t build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia."
Barack Obama : "Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average"
Cory Booker : "Al-Qaida operatives, have said, 'Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.'"
Donald Trump : "Coal production up 7.8% in past year. Down 31.5% last 10 years. #endingwaroncoal."
Rob Portman : "A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes."
Rick Scott : Says Charlie Crist wants felons who "commit a heinous crime" such as "intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote."
Mike Gravel : "I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn."
Brookhaven : Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County.
Bernie Sanders : When Honduran children came into this country, "Secretary Clinton said send them back."
Barack Obama : Says Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy.
Ryan Frazier : Says "Michael Bennet votes for President Obama's agenda 98 percent of the time. Hardly independent, hardly bipartisan."
Rudy Giuliani : "People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay."
Jeff Jackson : Says North Carolina "hospital beds are typically 85% full across the state.”
Nathan Deal : Jason Carter never passed a bill in his tenure in the state Senate.
Viral image : Says “132,000 ballots in Fulton County, Ga., have been identified as likely ineligible,” and President Trump might win Georgia as a result.
Dan Patrick : "Martin Luther King said our lives begin to end the day we become silent on things that matter."
Alan Hays : Proof of citizenship isn't necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
Steve Oelrich : "You can't give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You can't do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion."
Patrick Moore : Earth "has not warmed for the last 17 years."
Kathy Manning : "I'm not taking any corporate PAC money."
Bill Kennemer : "We just don't want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops."
Bloggers : President Trump greenlighted Congress to ramp up Clinton investigation.
Sheri Gallo : Since January 2015, the "majority of our" Austin City Council "meetings have extended past 10 p.m." and "many of our meetings have gone past midnight."
news.groopspeak.com : "Breaking: federal judge grants permission to subpoena Trump."
David McKinley : "About 95 percent of America’s production of ethylene is produced on the Gulf Coast in Texas and Louisiana."
Health Care for America Now : Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
Hal Turner Radio Show : Says the coronavirus is “a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.”
Bill Nelson : "55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count."
Bloggers : "Muslims offended that their kids have to recite national anthem."
YouTube videos : A video shows Joe Biden “looking at books about dementia.”
Spencer Bachus : "Even with recent changes, the average hourly wage at General Motors is still $75 an hour."
Phil Ting : "Trump’s tax reform plan was nothing more than a middle-class tax increase."
Facebook posts : Nike and Lil Nas X are launching “demonic shoes” containing human blood.
Lincoln Chafee : "We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in) all but 4 states."
John Kitzhaber : Says that in 2011, Oregon had "the second fastest growing economy in the nation."
Jeff Weems : "I’m running against a groundhog. He saw his shadow on the primary day, and no one has seen him since."
Rick McAllister : People buy more items during Georgia’s sales-tax holidays, boosting economic activity.
Vicky Hartzler : The Export-Import Bank "doesn’t cost taxpayers anything."
Bloggers : “Trump assassination foiled, Deep State in panic mode!”
Ed Gillespie : Mark Warner voted for "nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt."
Glenn Beck : "Why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth? We're the only country in the world that has it."
Newt Gingrich : A recent Obama executive order could "lead to a number of investigations by Interpol in the United States, potentially aimed at American officials."
Johnny Isakson : The premiums on Medicare’s prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
Chain email : Obama thinks the national anthem should be "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."
Rand Paul : "The president is advocating a drone strike program in America."
Duncan Hunter : "And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers."
Mitt Romney : "Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and they’re rushing to build a lot more. They’ll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future."
Antonio Villaraigosa : California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom was "for (high-speed rail), before he’s against it, and then he’s for it again."
Bill McCollum : "Rick Scott's company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating."
Joe Wilkinson : A national organization says Georgia has one of America’s toughest ethics laws.
Hilary Rosen : "The Clinton Foundation is a charity where President and Secretary Clinton and their daughter, they take no salary, they get no money from it, they take no personal benefit from it."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, "Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog."
John Kasich : "When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, we’re getting bipartisan support for our bills. And that’s called leadership."
Patrick Gallivan : Of "30,000 individuals arrested a year for crimes that are 16 or 17, over 95 percent of them do not result in a criminal conviction. Only 1.5 percent of them ultimately go to state prison."
Facebook posts : West Coast wildfires are due to “bad forest maintenance,” not climate change.
Austin Scott : Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.
Ken Paxton : Says that “those who stormed the capitol yesterday were not Trump supporters. They have been confirmed to be Antifa.”
Mitt Romney : "On Medicare for current retirees, he's cutting $716 billion from the program."
Chris Bowers : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where "low-income voters" live.
Duf Sundheim : "There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. … And that’s just within the last year."
Tony Evers : “Wisconsin is one of the nine states with the highest rate of infection per capita.”
Donald Trump : "Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working."
Donald Trump : "Because of Obamacare, you have so many part-time jobs."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Scott DesJarlais's (TN-04) Republican Majority."
Dan Patrick : "Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families."
Say Anything Blog : "Heitkamp High-Fives Schumer After Voting Against 20-Week Abortion Ban."
Vote No On 2 : "Because there's no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your child's school."
John Kerry : Says that Hurricane Harvey “dropped more water on Houston in five days than goes over Niagara Falls in a year.”
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers "lost their jobs" and "class sizes went up."
Steny Hoyer : In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
Facebook posts : “Mass vaccination for COVID-19 in Senegal was started yesterday (4/8) and the first 7 CHILDREN who received it DIED on the spot.”
Chris Abele : Milwaukee County has "a parks capital budget that’s bigger than it’s been in the last 10 years."
Paul Broun : Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
Joseph Kyrillos : Says under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez’s watch the nation’s unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled.
Sheri Gallo : Alison Alter "got an F in attendance in 2016" as an Austin parks board member "and was removed by a unanimous vote of the Austin City Council."
Caleb Rowden : "#GradInsurance debacle is a DIRECT result of #ObamaCare. #MIZZOU has to break the law to do the right thing."
George Will : Says President Barack Obama carried Congressional District 13 "by 8.2 points in 2008 and 5.6 points in 2012."
Jeb Bush : Florida is "one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity."
Kenneth Block : Under a bill before the legislature, "you’d have to go to court to fire an employee."
Miriam Martinez : I am "the first Latina to run for governor of Texas."
John Boehner : "New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years."
Eric Hovde : The United States can immediately tap a domestic energy resource of "more than 1.5 trillion barrels of oil, six times more than Saudi Arabia."
Facebook posts : “Newly obtained emails show UCSF harvesting the clitorises, testicles and penises of murdered babies.”
George Packer : Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraq's electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day.
Jason Villalba : "Bernie Sanders admits he is a Democratic Socialist. … Nazis were Democratic Socialists."
Martina Navratilova : "In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay."
Richard Durbin : Recent record-low water levels in Lake Michigan are evidence that global warming is leading to "the evaporation of our Great Lakes."
John Dennis : Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi's district office in downtown San Francisco.
Viral image : “In 38 days Pelosi and Schiff are up for reelection. Nadler up June 23.”
Ivanka Trump : "There are currently 6 million jobs available in this country that are due in part to the skills gap."
Bob Hall : "We now have several hundred teachers that are over 100 years old and what I've read recently is that a baby born today, their age expectancy is 110, at least."
Myra Crownover : Says Texas legislators in 2011 increased state spending on education.
Bryan Underwood : "Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi."
Randy Forbes : Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
Maria Bartiromo : The Washington Post was "forced to correct what (Donald Trump) told the secretary of state of Georgia.”
Richard Licht : "We aren't the only state cutting back on public television."
Amy Klobuchar : During her tenure as county attorney in Minnesota, "there was a 65 percent decrease in incarceration of African-Americans."
Rush Limbaugh : Austin is "effectively" imposing "a ban on barbecue restaurants."
Jay Nixon : Says that "unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating."
Donald Trump : Says Nevadans will have a "double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year" and "10 of Nevada’s 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer"
Erika Sanzi : "Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color."
Richard Burr : "I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States."
Hillary Clinton : "I have now put out all of my emails."
George Will : Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, "the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it."
Bill Powers : "We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley."
Rick Perry : "Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster" than Mitt Romney.
Republican National Committee : Since President Obama took office, "2 million jobs. Gone."
Cory Booker : "We now have longitudinal data that shows that children born around Superfund sites have dramatically higher rates of birth defects, dramatically higher rates of autism."
Josh Hawley : "USPS currently has the most cash on hand in its history, (approximately) $15 billion."
Frank Lautenberg : "Just remember this: the president's health care bill put 30 million people on health care rolls that weren't there before."
Vernon Keenan : The city of Clarkston "can’t decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that."
Rick Scott : "For the sixth straight year, we have secured record funding for K-12 and state universities."
Jon Husted : "Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot."
Rachel Maddow : "The Pentagon made up" the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
Barack Obama : "Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families."
Mark Warner : Says PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespie’s ads are false and misleading.
Ted Cruz : "One of the most troubling aspects of the Rubio-Schumer Gang of Eight bill was that it gave President Obama blanket authority to admit refugees, including Syrian refugees, without mandating any background checks whatsoever."
Heather Fiorentino : Pasco County "opened 22 new schools over six years to keep pace with growth in student population and implement the class size amendment."
Michael Steele : In a now-viral video, "impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"
John Cox : GOP candidate for California governor Travis Allen "on the floor vote … refused to join Republicans opposing driver licenses for illegal aliens."
Richard Clarke : Said President Barack Obama "said he was going to stop (signature strikes)."
Bill Pascrell : Says "how much money the government is collecting from people...in terms of the gross domestic product" is "the lowest in 40, 50 years."
Foundation for Florida's Future : ''Both Democrats and Republicans are advocating for the use of student test scores to measure teacher effectiveness.''
Richard Cordray : "Ohio's (payday lending) laws are now the worst in the nation. Things have gotten so bad that it is legal to charge 594 percent interest on loans."
Colleen Kiernan : "Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country."
No on 56 campaign : California’s proposed tobacco tax "diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who don't have to help even one more patient."
Michele Bachmann : "The IRS will have the ability potentially" to deny or delay health care.
Ken Detzner : November 2012 was "a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history."
Facebook posts : “Every election year has a disease” ... SARS in 2004; avian flu in 2008; swine flu in 2010; MERS in 2012; Ebola in 2014 and 2018; Zika in 2016 and the coronavirus in 2020.
Ted Cruz : Says carpet bombing means bombing "not a city, but the location of the troops," with "embedded special forces to direct the air power."
Dan Forest : Says immigrants wanted by ICE have victimized "tens of thousands of children" in North Carolina.
Facebook posts : “Shell Oil laying off 9,000 workers” because of Joe Biden.
Donald Trump : "The first so-called second hand information ‘Whistleblower’ got my phone conversation almost completely wrong."
Rick Scott : The United States' regulations "are among the most difficult in the world."
Daniel Gade : “@Mark Warner and his party bosses are calling to defund the police...”
Kellyanne Conway : "If you became a Medicaid recipient through the Obamacare expansion, you are grandfathered in."
Facebook posts : Says Vladimir Putin said, "President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy."
Haley Barbour : When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama "had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson."
Lee Holloway : The City of Milwaukee "uses the building inspection area as a revenue base."
Jill Chambers : Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump wrote in his book, "Being an atheist gives me an edge in every deal. Christians are too moral for business."
Louie Gohmert : Says Gov. Rick Perry has been "begging" for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border.
Tom Graves : "The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused."
Tom Ganley : "The Arizona law basically parrots the federal immigration law."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump was photographed wearing blackface.
Planned Parenthood Votes : Nevada Republican Senate nominee "Joe Heck voted to criminalize abortion for rape victims."
Paul Newton : Says North Carolina moved “from among the worst business rankings in the country, to the top 10.”
Michael Bloomberg : “When we discovered, I discovered, that we were doing many, many, too many stop and frisks, we cut 95% of it out.”
Marjorie Dannenfelser : Planned Parenthood "raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years."
Marco Rubio : Says he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate.
NumbersUSA : "More than half of all drivers' licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens."
Richard Woods : Georgia’s CRCT "set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation."
Donald Trump : "We’re losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China."
Jerry Brown : California’s prisons budget in 1970 "was about 3 percent of the general fund. Now, it’s 8.9 percent, about $12 billion."
Facebook posts : “Autopsies prove that COVID-19 is” a blood clot, not pneumonia, “and ought to be fought with antibiotics” and the whole world has been wrong in treating the “so-called” pandemic.
Barack Obama : Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough "makes a huge difference" in reducing transmission of the flu.
Barbara Buono : Says Chris Christie’s plan "to kick-start our economy" is to propose an "income tax cut that disproportionately benefits the wealthy, and...he's still proposing it."
Ted Cruz : "Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris."
Mary Burke : "We have 41,000 people right now on the waitlist for financial-based assistance for our tech colleges and universities," most of them for tech schools.
Christine O'Donnell : "One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent."
Ann McLane Kuster : Says U.S. Rep. Charles Bass wants to privatize Social Security.
Sarah Palin : Says Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is "a ‘Champion of Big Government’ for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council."
Donald Trump : "Europe and other nations (need to) contribute to Ukraine. Because they’re not doing it. Just the United States. We’re putting up the bulk of the money."
Rick Perry : "Social Security is indeed a Ponzi scheme."
Sam Adams : Says there's $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar.
Marc Molinaro : On spending growth under Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "Despite the fact that you continue to suggest that you’ve been able to hold the two percent, you haven’t."
Henry Cisneros : San Antonio is "now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor."
Raul Labrador : "Nobody dies because they don’t have access to health care."
Angel Taveras : I turned "a $110 million deficit into a $1.6 million surplus for our city."
Bill Pascrell : Says 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half
Taylor Swift : Says Marsha Blackburn "voted against the Reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act, which attempts to protect women from domestic violence, stalking, and date rape."
Barack Obama : Barack Obama "extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."
Facebook posts : Says Jeff Foxworthy wrote a ‘fence test’ for Republicans and Democrats.
Rob Cornilles : The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
Bjorn Lomborg : “The frequency of hurricanes making landfall in the continental U.S. has declined slightly since 1900...There aren’t more powerful hurricanes either.”
Sean Duffy : All members of Congress are required to be in Obamacare, but Obama and members of his administration "have their own gold-plated health care plans that they're in."
Facebook posts : “At John Lewis funeral Obama told a room full of people that rooms full of people is too dangerous so we must mail in vote.”
Nathan Deal : "Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke."
Virginia Tea Party Patriots : The dollar "has fallen over 44% since Bernanke began pumping money into the system beginning back in 2002."
Bloggers : “Mitt Romney has been asked to lead Health and Human Services in Biden administration.”
Jorge Ramos : "The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. It's Jose, Camilo and Maria."
Ted Strickland : Says Gov. John  Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohio’s economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. "We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth."
Tammy Baldwin : "We heard from the Department of Homeland Security ... that this was probably the most secure election that’s ever been run in the United States.”
Rob Portman : Says Ted Strickland "in this campaign bragged about his A-plus rating with the NRA. ... He has said he has a mixed and spotty record on this issue and that he can be criticized for it. Those are his words, not mine. So I don’t know where he is on this issue."
Facebook posts : “Rand Paul’s medical license was just revoked!”
Megyn Kelly : Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is "declaring as a matter of fact that ... Michael Brown didn't use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer."
Mike Pence : Says that under the Obama administration, "the debt has nearly doubled."
BlueNC : A proposed constitutional amendment "will pave the way for making abortion illegal under North Carolina’s constitution."
Scott Walker : "Under my predecessor, they cut funding for education, but they didn't give them anything in return to make up for that," leading to "less money" for school districts
Chris Riley : Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
Hillary Clinton : When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, "the Democrats didn’t make that a partisan issue."
Occupy Wall Street : "94 percent of winning candidates in 2010 had more money than their opponents."
Michael McCaul : Says U.S. corporate tax rate is "highest in the world at 35 percent."
John McCain : Obama "voted against funding our troops."
Donald Trump : Says "Nancy Pelosi came out in favor of MS-13."
Don Zimmerman : Salaries of Austin residents who don't work for city government "have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years."
Joe Biden : “We have now created over 3 million jobs since I took office, more jobs than have ever been created in the first five months of any presidency in modern history.”
Meals on Wheels of Rhode Island : "Half of all hospitalized seniors are suffering from malnutrition so severe that it either caused their illness or it prevents them from getting better."
Tweets : "They’re unable to administer vaccines if the lockdown ends because the emergency ends with it.”
Facebook posts : "This Is Real: Biden Waves To An Empty Field."
Kayleigh McEnany : "Come February (2018), Americans will see their paychecks grow at the tune of saving $1,000 or more a year."
Chris Christie : "Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administration’s projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy."
Rick Perry : "Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics."
Gretchen Carlson : Says the Texas State Board of Education is considering eliminating references to Christmas and the Constitution in textbooks.
Donald Trump : Says "No, I don't benefit, I don't benefit" from his tax proposal.
Jeanne Ives : Says U.S. Rep. Sean Casten “demanded the impeachment of the Republican President before the Mueller report was even released.”
Facebook posts : Says the Japanese military did not invade the mainland United States after Pearl Harbor because "they know that almost every home had guns and the Americans knew how to use them."
Marshall Faulk : Quarterbacks "won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time."
Mark Warner : Ed Gillespie "supports a personhood amendment."
Steve Adler : Says Austin is the "safest big city in Texas with an unemployment rate under 3% that has been named the best place to live in the entire United States two years running."
Viral image : Says a video shows a “gay party in Italy few weeks before COVID-19.”
Facebook posts : Says Barabara Walters wrote that Jane Fonda "betrayed not only the idea of our country, but specific men who served and sacrificed during the Vietnam War."
Atlanta Sports Council : The economic impact of Atlanta's 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
Robert Dold : Dan Seals has been running for office "since before there were, like, iPods."
George Allen : "The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost," since the stimulus bill was signed.
Mitt Romney : Says Obama "refuses to recognize Jerusalem" as the capital of Israel.
Rick Scott : Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
Donald Trump : Says one year later, "the coalition to defeat ISIS has liberated very close to 100 percent of the territory just recently held by these killers in Iraq and Syria."
Bloggers : “Whole of Italy goes into quarantine.”
Dan Bishop : Says Dan McCready "really admires socialism."
Bloggers : Says a 79-year-old woman with AK-47 rescued two LAPD officers from a street gang.
Bloggers : "Fulton County numbers show massive duplicate ballots, rejected ballots, non-citizens trying to vote."
John Wisniewski : Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush "probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War."
Facebook posts : $100B contact tracing bill “is about controlling/tracking population, not about coronavirus.”
Donald Trump : Says "92 percent of the people agree on DACA."
Bill Foster : "Tampa got more (federal housing) money because they scored higher on the blight scoring system, so they've got a much bigger problem than we do."
Donald Trump : Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich "got lucky with a thing called fracking," which "is why Ohio is doing well."
Anne Nolan : "We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union."
Bloggers : "Police find 19 white female bodies in freezers with ‘Black Lives Matter’ carved into skin."
Joe Biden : Al-Qaida is “gone” from Afghanistan.
Ron DeSantis : Says that Andrew Gillum said, "Police and prisons have no place in justice."
Rob Zerban : Says Paul Ryan’s budget plan "ends Medicare."
Paul Ryan : "Because of Obamacare, Medicare is going broke."
Bloggers : Antifa provoked the shooting of Ashli Babbitt at the Capitol.
Hillary Clinton : According to "independent experts," Donald Trump's tax plan "would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy."
Gwen Moore : "If you're a terrorist you can't fly," but "an assault weapon you can buy."
Mitch McConnell : "The president’s own advisers have said there’s a war on coal."
Bloggers : Cesar Sayoc is a Democrat posing as a Republican.
Ted Cruz : "The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons."
Patience Roggensack : Says she has bipartisan support, including "53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans."
James Risch : "The minute the president speaks about it to someone, he has the ability to declassify anything at any time without any process."
Viral image : Says you can determine a bell pepper’s gender by its "bumps."
Donald Trump : "We were losing all our cases in the World Trade Organization. ... And then I came along. Now we’re winning a lot of cases because they know that they’re not on very solid ground."
Jeb Hensarling : "Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners."
Ted Cruz : "The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal."
Mandela Barnes : GOP-backed "racist disenfrachisement" led to only five polling places being open in Milwaukee for April 7 election.
Rick Scott : Jennifer Carroll is the "first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida."
Bill White : Says Republican state leaders are using "Soviet-style" budget management.
Doonesbury : The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million "to develop and run their torture program."
Rick Perry : Says the Obama administration catches and releases nonviolent illegal immigrants.
Michael Bloomberg : "No other city in America did what (New York) did. We reduced murders by 50%, reduced police shootings to historic lows, reduced the number of people incarcerated by nearly 40%."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : "As governor, Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohio’s rainy day fund."
Kevin Levitas : "Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety."
Judy Manning : "When [Mitt Romney] was the governor of Massachusetts, he performed 100 — and I’m not sure this number is right, but my mind says it’s about 180 gay marriages."
Daniel Lipinski : The Senate version of the health care reform bill "allows taxpayer money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in the bill."
Randy Forbes : China is "going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : "We have over 300 state agencies. Forty-five of those agencies are related to health care."
Charlie Crist : Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
Lloyd Doggett : "The Austin Tea Party and an ultra-conservative millionaire are behind the" campaign against the city’s light-rail proposition.
Viral image : “U.S. military arrests Dr. Deborah Birx.”
John McCain : "President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy."
Scott Walker : Says his political opponents "brought 100,000 protesters into our state."
Barack Obama : During the past four years, "average wages have barely budged."
Donald Trump : "Instead of two for one, we have cut 22 burdensome regulations for everyone new rule."
Bob Goodlatte : "There is a federal criminal law that says it's a crime to transport dentures across state lines."
Rick Perry : "The entirety of North America -- Canada, the United States and Mexico -- there's more known reserves in those three countries than in Russia and Saudi Arabia."
Reince Priebus : "Americans will pay more in taxes in 2011 than they will spend on groceries, clothing and shelter combined."
Facebook posts : Says Milwaukee police were protecting a sex offender's house and snuck children out of it after a mother tracked her missing daughter to that address.
Scott Walker : "Here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years."
Gilberto Hinojosa : "This is the first time in Texas history -- and only the fourth time in United States history -- that two women are running for the top spots."
Charlie Crist : David Jolly "has used money and power to try to … drill off our beaches."
Earl Blumenauer : Says "Having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited."
John Edwards : "I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican."
Barry Hinckley : President Obama gave Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood one and a half billion dollars.
Gordon Hintz : "One year ago, (Republicans) would not fill seats vacated for people who went to the administration because of the cost of those elections. Now, they’re talking about changing the rules to add additional elections that will cost millions of dollars of taxpayer expense."
Facebook posts : Says over 1,000 mail in ballots were found in a dumpster in California.
Jeff Shipley : Young people "have a greater chance of being killed by the HPV vaccine than COVID-19.”
Richard Cordray : "Since 1999, firearm deaths in Ohio have risen 58 percent."
Ed Turanchik : "No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave."
Viral image : Says Robert De Niro said, "I preferred the time in America when the president and the village idiot were two different people."
Facebook posts : Say George Washington said that "when government takes away citizens’ right to bear arms it becomes citizens’ duty to take away government’s right to govern."
Sebastian Gorka : "There's no such thing as a lone wolf. ... That was a phrase invented by the last administration to make Americans stupid."
Sherrod Brown : Summer “protesters outside the White House were met with tear gas, rubber bullets, a full militarized response. While ... rioters were able to breach the Capitol.”
Kelly Ayotte : "The president's first major foreign policy speech in Cairo was to apologize for our country."
Mark Warner : An audit shows "there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,"
National Republican Congressional Committee : "Since President Obama took full control of Washington," every day, 13,000 more people "have been put on food stamps."
Charlotte Bergmann : Says George Flinn has been a "no show" at scheduled "forums."
Kristi Noem : “In South Dakota, I’m putting prayer back in our schools.”
Bill de Blasio : "We raised the minimum wage to $15 first in city government. Now, working together with people in Albany, it's the law of the state."
Facebook posts : “Less than 500 people a year killed by all rifles combined” and “4,000 a year killed by illegals.”
Newt Gingrich : Says Mitt Romney "runs away from Ronald Reagan."
Ken Cuccinelli : "Last year, we were in the range of 850,000 and that was the most in five years. … We are letting more people become citizens than has happened in years."
Janice Hahn : Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a "murder mill."
Bernie Sanders : Says Democratic members of Congress who represent Cuban Americans in Florida and have been critical of Sanders “just so happen to be supporting other candidates.”
Scott Walker : Says he "invested over $100 million in worker training."
Stephen Miller : "I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country."
Hillary Clinton : Says at polling places in Texas on Super Tuesday “the Republican side gets 25 machines, the Democratic side gets 5 machines. People were literally standing in line for seven hours.”
Ohio Democratic Party : Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
Alison Lundergan Grimes : Says Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has "blocked the Senate over 400 times."
Wisconsin Institute for Law & Liberty : Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglin's stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to "discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees."
Larry Ashley : "Florida sheriffs unequivocally support" the "stand your ground" law.
Donald Trump : "I have the No. 1 show on NBC."
Donald Trump : Says Marco Rubio has "the worst voting record there is today."
Republican Party of Texas : Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
Bloggers : "NASA confirms Earth will experience 15 days of darkness In November 2017."
Donald Trump : "Crime is rising."
David A. Clarke Jr. : "I've either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus."
Facebook posts : "Right here (in West Virginia), they are building new houses … so that 321 Syrian Muslims can move down into this neighborhood in two months. … (A funeral home) is to be torn down in two months, and a mosque is going to built there."
Rob Portman : "The Democrat-led Senate has failed to pass a budget for 750 days ... Senate Democrats have neglected one of their most basic responsibilities."
Eric Bolling : "Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men."
Tom Coburn : The death penalty "is a deterrent that does affect and impact people."
New Day for America : Says "Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion dollars."
Joe Biden : “Iran has stockpiled 10 times as much enriched uranium as it had” in 2016.
Steve Kagen : "Politician Reid Ribble wants to phase out Social Security, forcing Wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves."
Workers' Voice : Says Josh Mandel’s campaign is under FBI investigation
Mark Kirk : "Alexi Giannoulias' top aide was a longtime BP lobbyist."
Bernie Sanders : Says his free public university tuition program "is paid for … by a tax on Wall Street's speculation."
Bob McDonnell : "The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years."
Heidi Heitkamp : "There are no provisions in here that substantially affect or advantage the big Wall Street bankers."
Ted Cruz : ISIS is "right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees."
Don Lemon : "I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon … Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon."
Paul LePage : "About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine don’t work."
Sarah Palin : Obama would "experiment with socialism."
Viral image : Says an image of a Vermont mansion is one of Bernie Sanders homes.
Chris Christie : Says the state budget "doubled property tax credits for seniors and middle class New Jerseyans" and had "no tax increases for any New Jersey family for the second year in a row."
Hunter Schwarz : 47 percent of Americans "can’t pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money."
Donald Trump : "Since the day of my election, we've already cut illegal immigration at the southern border by 61 percent."
Hillary Clinton : Says John Kerry "is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account."
Democratic Party of Oregon : Says "Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment."
Bernie Sanders : "The six wealthiest people in the world (have) as much wealth as the bottom half of the world’s population, 3.7 billion people."
Chris Taylor : "The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests."
Rick Scott : "The CBO says if we raise the minimum wage the way Charlie (Crist) wants to do it, it would lose 500,000 jobs."
Linda Coleman : "George Holding has voted 13 times to deny Kevin, and the 300,000 people like him in the 2nd Congressional District, coverage" for their pre-existing conditions.
Pamela Geller : "In Muslim countries, under the Sharia, there is a death penalty for blaspheming Mohammad."
Mitt Romney : Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya "terror."
Stephen Sweeney : "People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want women’s health care. There’s issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasn’t. You’ve seen the actions he’s taken on them."
Bloggers : Says that Dianne Feinstein said, "When the gunman realizes that nobody else is armed, he will lay down his weapons and turn himself in…. that’s just human nature."
Bloggers : "A Trump fan was just charged with trying to murder Maxine Waters on same day Trump threatened her."
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott changed his promise from 700,000 jobs created "on top of what normal growth would be" to just 700,000 jobs.
Bill Clinton : "Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East."
Mark Assini : "The photonics bill that was sponsored in Congress and written, was written by Congressman Tom Reed, not Congresswoman Louise Slaughter."
Viral image : Says Rudy Giuliani filed for Nancy Pelosi’s impeachment.
Bernie Sanders : "Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbers and always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is."
Rick Santorum : Says Mitt Romney supports cap and trade.
Michael Needham : The federal budget bill "reauthorizes the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which provides taxpayer dollars so that the Four Seasons hotel can build a resort in Turkey."
Instagram posts : “CDC confesses: Vaccines are failing, and the vaxxed can be superspreaders.”
Metropolitan North Georgia Water Planning District : Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
Republican National Committee : RNC version of a Hillary Clinton valentine: "Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do."
Florida Stop Common Core Coalition : The goal of Common Core is "to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs."
Corn Commentary : U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher is "the only working farmer currently serving in the House."
Instagram posts : Dozens of artists, including Justin Timberlake, Jay Z and Rihanna, are canceling Florida shows like Stevie Wonder in protest of  "stand your ground."
Deborah Kafoury : "When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward."
Obama's heckler : President Barack Obama has the "power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country."
Jim DeMint : "The big Wall Street banks, the big corporations" give "many times more" political donations to Democrats than Republicans.
Congressional Leadership Fund : Says Amy McGrath "wants to fund more welfare for people who can work, but don’t."
League of Conservation Voters : Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst "promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA."
Cynthia Lummis : Under the Endangered Species Act, "only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted."
Rand Paul : Says President Barack Obama "spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs."
Rick Scott : The Democrats’ Green New Deal includes "working towards ending air travel."
Rick Perry : "One out of five of our children live in a family that’s on food stamps."
Scott Walker : "Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes" in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
Alcee Hastings : One Texas city "has a law that says that women can only have six dildos."
Viral image : Says Kanye West scored "106 points against wheelchair basketball team."
Donald Trump : "They never thought ... that I was going to release that call and I really had no choice because Adam Schiff made up a call."
Breitbart : Says the California flag was supposed to be a pear, not a bear.
Jon Huntsman : "I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation."
Rachel Maddow : Under Scott Walker, "the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country."
Florida Students for Concealed Carry : "According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit."
Steve Rothman : Says in regard to providing "more tax cuts for the rich," Bill Pascrell said, "Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas."
Facebook posts : Says President Donald Trump has donated $1 million to a relief fund for the Bahamas in the wake of Hurricane Dorian while no other politicians have contributed any money.
tmzbreaking : "Law passed: All child support in the United States will end by beginning of 2018."
Drew Springer : Says bag litter increased after San Francisco banned single-use shopping bags.
Ron Johnson : "The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process."
Facebook posts : Says death reports in federal database show the fatal risk of COVID-19 vaccines.
Kamala Harris : Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures "hit the bottom."
Bloggers : "Black men arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks settle for $2 million"
Jack Posobiec : The White House plans to call for lockdowns due to the delta variant and is “aiming for late 2nd week of August, per WH official.”
Joe Biden : The World Health Organization offered the testing kits that they have available and to give it to us now. We refused them. We did not want to buy them.”
Beaverton : Beaverton "enjoys the most diverse population (by percentage of population) among Oregon cities."
John Kitzhaber : John Kitzhaber created 128,000 new jobs while governor.
Dane Eagle : Antifa “are killing our police. Looting our businesses. Assaulting the elderly and burning our churches.”
Corey Lewandowski : "The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates."
Bernie Sanders : Says Donald Trump’s plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would "get a $53 billion tax break."
Facebook posts : There are nanoparticles in the COVID-19 vaccine that will help people “locate you” via 5G networks.
Roger Marshall : A study “suggests that even after two years of hormone therapy, biological boys still maintain significant advantages over girls, including being 12% faster on the 1.5-mile run.”
Mike Plant : "No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time."
Leticia Van de Putte : "Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children."
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack was "the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA."
Jeb Bush : "If you're born poor, you're more likely to stay poor than any time in American history."
Mike Pence : "The caliphate has crumbled and ISIS has been defeated."
Your Action News 3 : "Legendary actor Kirk Douglas dead, 4 days before his 101st birthday."
Donald Trump : Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, "had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS" in his social media posts.
Kayleigh McEnany : “More than one MILLION marchers for President @realDonaldTrump descend on” Washington, D.C., on Nov. 14.
Tom Cotton : Of 1 million green cards issued a year, "almost none of those green cards are based on job skills or demonstrated economic needs."
Eric Swalwell : "The so-called ‘heartbeat’ law outlaws abortion before most women even know that they're pregnant. This is one of the most restrictive anti-abortion laws in our country."
Amy Klobuchar : "Big pharmaceuticals pay off — they literally pay off — generics to keep the prices and the competition off the market."
Yes on 79 : Says constitutional amendment would "help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate."
Hank Huckaby : Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential.
Facebook posts : Derek Chauvin had his left hand in his pocket while kneeling on George Floyd.
Charlie Crist : "Here in Florida, I’ve slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion."
Connie Mack : The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget  "would balance our budget by 2019" and "continues to gain support."
Tim Echols : "Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower."
Chris Murphy : "Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales."
Charlotte Bergmann : "Martin Luther King Jr. was a Republican."
Gary Johnson : Says the United States has "treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress."
Eric Cantor : Small businesses "create 70 percent of the jobs in America."
Donald Trump : The health insurance industry has “agreed to waive all co-payments for coronavirus treatments.”
Facebook posts : Says Facebook now has a "witch checker."
Republican National Committee : Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
Donald Trump : Says "22 to 24 people" came into the United States due to family connection with suspect in the October 2017 New York City terror attack.
Bloggers : "Ted Nugent killed in hunting accident."
People for the American Way : The Rev. Rick Warren "has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden wants to "defund the police."
Viral image : In most states, you can buy an assault rifle with no proof of ID, but in every state, you need proof of ID to vote.
Donald Trump : "CNN did a poll recently where Obama and I are statistically tied."
Paul Ryan : "Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch."
Facebook posts : "In 1913, it was legal to mail children."
Marco Rubio : "No other country has a constitutional right" like the Second Amendment.
Jefferson Smith : Says the mayor’s job "is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we don’t have, we don't say yes even if CH2M Hill wants us to."
Bloggers : "NEW INFO SAYS KOBE BRYANT AND ALL 4 OF HIS DAUGHTER HAVE DIED FROM HELICOPTER CRASH."
House Majority PAC : Says U.S. Rep. Mimi Walters "took $213,000 from insurance interests" and that she supported a plan that "strips protections for people with pre-existing conditions and slaps an age tax on older Californians."
Greg Abbott : "The Texas unemployment rate is now the lowest it’s been in 40 years & Texas led the nation last month in new job creation."
Bloggers : “‘America is dead’ — Joe Biden actually said this at his Iowa rally.”
Kirsten Gillibrand : "Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage."
Oregon Catalyst : Says HJM 20 "was the only bill not assigned to a House committee."
Rebecca Kleefisch : Says she made a "cold call" and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin.
Viral image : The US government is trying to create food shortages by telling farmers to destroy their crops.
Oregon Health Authority : Says that in 2007, "Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data."
Florida Democratic Party : "McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.' "
Ending Spending Action Fund : Says Georgia Democratic Senate hopeful Michelle Nunn supports higher taxes.
Rick Scott : "We have over 700,000 illegal immigrants in the state. They're costing us billions of dollars and they're taking legal residents' jobs."
Ron Johnson : "During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. … (He) promises to protect those rights, but that's not what his record shows."
Mark Sickles : Says 70 percent of Virginia’s Medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes.
Pete Buttigieg : "Since 1973, the income of the bottom 90 percent, so pretty much all of us, didn’t budge, or even retreated a little bit."
Wendy Davis : Greg Abbott was "charged with overseeing the state cancer research fund. But he let his wealthiest donors take tens of millions of taxpayer dollars without proper oversight. They showered Abbott with gifts and free vacations."
Juan Williams : There was "just about zero press coverage" of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
Instagram posts : Says 12 restaurants and food companies are "supporting Trump’s re-election."
Nathan Deal : The Americans for Tax Reform pledge "relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action."
National Republican Congressional Committee : "700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd" voted for the health care bill.
Lamar Smith : "In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol."
We the People petition : "In one county alone in Ohio, President Obama received 106,258 votes. But there were only 98,213 eligible voters."
Various media reports 2 : Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
Harry Reid : "(Koch Industries) is among the worst in toxic air pollution in the entire United States ... and churns out more climate-changing greenhouse gases than oil giants Chevron, Shell and Valero."
Mike Villarreal : Says Gov. Rick Perry's administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.
WorldNetDaily : White House spokesman Robert Gibbs "lied" when he said President Obama's birth certificate is posted on the Internet.
Kathleen Murphy : "The NRA supported background checks..."
Lone Star First : Rick Perry thinks "injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parent's consent, is a good idea."
Bob Beckel : "The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country."
John McCain : "You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana."
Donald Trump : There is "no system to vet" refugees from the Middle East.
Bloggers : “COVID19 PCR tests are scientifically meaningless.”
Bernie Sanders : "We are the only major country on Earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right."
Jeff Sessions : "We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years."
Carolyn Medeiros : "There's a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. There's a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And there's federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses."
Abigail Spanberger : “The majority of minimum wage workers...are mothers.”
John Cornyn : Says that under the Obamacare law, health insurance "premiums have increased by more than 105 percent since" 2013.
Donald Trump : "Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesn’t do very well with women."
John King : "Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years."
Viral image : A man’s injuries from falling after police officers shoved him in Buffalo, N.Y. were staged.
Elizabeth Roberts : She "led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million."
David Cote : "The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II."
Viral image : A photo shows Joe Namath and Al Woodall kneeling on the sideline of a football field during the national anthem.
Rand Paul : "There are many studies that indicate" that the longer people get unemployment insurance, "it provides some disincentive to work."
Scott Walker : Figures for September 2014’s job growth in Wisconsin mark the "largest private-sector job creation we've had in the month of September in more than a decade"
Marco Rubio : North Korea "has over two-dozen nuclear warheads."
Chain email : Says 11 states have more people on welfare than employed.
Hillary Clinton : Says Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama "weak. He's called him a disappointment."
Chris Matthews : Says Dick Cheney "de-Ba’athisized the Iraqi government and created ISIS."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Steve Bullock “failed to act” when his “most senior political aide was caught sexually harassing women. Bullock knew about the harassment but said nothing, remaining silent when the aide took another job where he harassed women again.”
Meria Carstarphen : The Austin Independent School District’s graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
John McCain : "Obama, Biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal."
Donald Trump : "Longstanding whistleblower rules (were changed) just before submittal of the fake whistleblower report."
Charlie Kirk : Joe Biden intentionally “let it fall apart” in Afghanistan because he “wants a couple hundred thousand more Ilhan Omars to come into America to change the body politic permanently.”
Jim Francesconi : "Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash."
Eric Cantor : The health care reform law "offset[s] 6 years of benefits with 10 years of tax increases."
Donald Trump : Foxconn hasn't hit job targets on its massive Wisconsin factory because "No. 1, you had a pandemic."
Barack Obama : "Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar."
Jeb Bush : "When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no."
Chris Christie : "Given how expansive our program already was," expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare "was a relatively small expansion."
Andrew Cuomo : "There is nothing that we have done on Amazon that we have not done with hundreds of other projects."
Kim Guadagno : Chris Christie "has not increased the taxes on anyone."
Deborah Ross : Says in Washington, D.C., Sen. Richard Burr "took millions from special interests, went there and cashed in, voted to cut (his) own taxes and raise taxes on working folks."
Louis Riggs : “Nearly half of (Missouri) counties have not reported positive (COVID-19) cases.”
Nancy Pelosi : Says President Donald Trump is “morbidly obese.”
Caleb Rowden : Says he “fully funded Missouri K-12 education for the first time in state history.”
Democratic National Committee : "McCain has voted repeatedly at least six times against funding for global HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB fund, once as one of only 14 senators."
Donald Trump : "The FBI said (former national security adviser Michael Flynn) wasn't lying."
Jeb Bush : "1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career."
Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy : Says Proposition 205 "blocks market entry" for new marijuana dispensaries.
Facebook posts : “President Trump has come into contact with a potential coronavirus sufferer!”
Facebook posts : Dr. Fauci says every American should be microchipped.
Libertarian Party of Texas : “The Republican Party lost 1.1 million registered voters since 2008. The Democratic Party lost 1.2 million registered voters… (while) voter registration in the Libertarian Party rose 8 percent.”
Donald Trump : "As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bill's lobbyist."
David Axelrod : Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
Barack Obama : "The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived."
Conservative Daily Post : "Disease-ridden" migrants from parts of Africa with Ebola are being "dumped in San Antonio."
Rick Scott : Jennifer Carroll is the "first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida."
Facebook posts : “U.S. military at the White House arresting Congress.”
Mitt Romney : "Redistribution" has "never been a characteristic of America."
Florida Hometown Democracy : "For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services."
Texas Right to Life : "In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas."
Chris Stirewalt : Businesses "will be required to certify to the IRS – under penalty of perjury – that Obamacare was not a motivating factor" for cutting staff.
Facebook posts : “The MOB in PA was HIRED by the Biden team to create fake ballots by the thousands!!”
Thomas Perez : "Go look at a Trump product. They’re all made in China."
Celia Israel : Says Donald Trump’s "Make America Great Again" caps are "made in China."
Evening World : "Breaking: woman says she was offered big money by Washington Post to accuse Roy Moore of misconduct."
Ann Kirkpatrick : Says Sen. John McCain "told dreamers that he’ll support the Dream Act, then he voted against it."
Facebook posts : “Walmart has just pledged $100 million to Black Lives Matter.”
CQ Press City Crime Rankings, 2010-2011 : The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
Marisha Agana : "The American Conservative Union gives [Rep. Tim] Ryan a dismal 0.0 percent rating for the billions he has contributed to our national debt."
Ron Shipman : Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
Chris Christie : Says the national health care law puts federal "bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor."
Eric Cantor : President Obama pushed through the stimulus "based on the promise of keeping unemployment under 8 percent."
Ivanka Trump : "Chicago experienced its deadliest weekend of the year...With 7 dead and 52 wounded near a playground."
Viral image : “Thousands of Seattle Democrats gather to demand mail-in voting because it’s too dangerous to vote in-person.”
Joe Biden : Says Donald Trump "asserted that immigrants would quote, ‘carve you up with a knife’."
Hillary Clinton : "In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy."
Tweets : “Per order from @GovWhitmer, people in Michigan are now banned from purchasing a new baby car seat in stores.”
John Oliver : Joe Straus is the "first Jewish speaker of the" Texas House.
Facebook posts : “United States Navy Seal Team ... helicopter was shot down yesterday in Afghanistan and they lost 30 members of the team.”
Bernie Sanders : “(A recent study) said ‘Medicare for All’ will lower health care costs in this country by $450 billion a year and save the lives of 68,000 people who would otherwise have died.”
Facebook posts : "Hidden in the CARES Act was an obscure $135 billion tax break for 43,000 millionaires."
Beto O'Rourke : "The Census is predicting a 6% undercount that will be targeted against nonwhites in this country — so Hispanics, African Americans, communities of color" if a citizenship question is asked.
John McCain : "I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."
Sean Hannity : “NOT A JOKE: Ilhan Omar Tells Residents ‘You Don’t Have to be Registered to Vote’ in Minnesota.”
Alan Grayson : Says Patrick Murphy is one of "only three Democrats in the House today who voted" to create the Benghazi committee.
Tommy Thompson : "We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil."
Kenneth Block : "More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didn't have a single Moderate on their ballot."
Amanda Chase : “Antifa is the culprit” in the Capitol riot.
Lights For Liberty : "The voting public had no say" in the Atlanta region’s proposed transportation project list.
Viral image : Says a photo that shows a group of dead, scorched sheep is from Australia wildfires.
Charles Perry : Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the state’s rainy day fund is already used.
Fred Thompson : "He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal."
Russ Carnahan : "The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus."
Facebook posts : “Biden and Obama allowed grown men in restrooms with little girls. Trump has rescued over 300 missing children from (pedophiles) and perverts.”
Hillary Clinton : "We put a lid on Iran's nuclear program without firing a single shot."
Ohio Taxpayers for Lower Drug Prices : An Ohio ballot issue would address the fact that "we’ve gone from paying about $100 for Epipens to over $600 ... We don’t have a choice but to pay it and the drug companies know it."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasn’t asked for.
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : Says Gov. Scott Walker dropped out or was kicked out of college short of a degree "not long after" he was "kicked out of student elections at Marquette University."
Donna Brazile : Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent "have grown." Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, "they've seen their wages stagnate."
Tom Wolf : "Pennsylvania (is) the only state in the country not to tax drillers."
Bill Zedler : "While (Barack) Obama preaches ‘we are our brother’s keeper,’ his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya."
Eric Hovde : Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson is "a big corporate lobbyist" and has been "lobbying during the middle of the campaign."
Michelle Malkin : The White House "branded" the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a "Together We Thrive" logo and slogan.
Bloggers : "Barack Obama arrested in a Japanese drug bust."
Donald Trump : "Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants."
Rick Perry : Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
Viral image : Says a photo shows a gas-powered van towing a diesel generator that is charging an electric car.
Viral image : "Manufacturing the battery for one electric car produces the same amount of carbon dioxide as running a petrol car for eight years."
Facebook posts : Congressional benefits include “free health care, outrageous retirement packages, 67 paid holidays, three weeks paid vacation, unlimited paid sick days.”
Jim Carrey : The California governor "says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum" in vaccines.
Sherri Tenpenny : The COVID-19 vaccines make people "magnetized. They can put a key on their forehead, it sticks. They can put spoons and forks all over them, and they can stick."
New Jersey Democratic State Committee : Says Vince Polistina is "collecting nearly $70,000 in taxpayer-funded salaries -- plus a government pension."
Safety For All Initiative : "More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year."
Kirk Watson : Says more than $3.5 billion in state revenue that is supposed to be dedicated to basic needs and functions is being diverted to "make the books look balanced."
Judd Gregg : Obama's budget plan would "take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent."
Ron Johnson : About 1.1 million people legally enter the U.S. each year as permanent residents -- "65 percent of that is some kind of chain migration; 22 percent is diversity lottery, ‘asyling,’ refugees; only about 14, 15 percent has anything to do with work."
William Devereaux : "You can import as many hemp products into this country as you want...but we can’t grow it."
Viral image : Photo shows a crowded New York City subway train during stay-at-home order.
John Kasich : In head-to-head polls for the general election, "I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points."
John McCain : "I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state."
Rob Portman : Barack Obama has "never even worked in business."
Jeff Greene : The U.S. spends $4 billion on research and development for energy, while spending $350 billion on oil from foreign countries, "many of whom are our enemies."
Jeff Sessions : "Our courts find that 80 percent of those who do file for asylum aren’t qualified for it, do not merit that relief."
Facebook posts : Carbon dioxide “is not a problem. The Earth has more than enough land and ocean plant life to metabolize it.”
John Delaney : "Most of home care is paid by government programs."
Eric Greitens : "Over 200 of our 520 school districts did not have a single student in physics."
Kelda Helen Roys : Says that under Scott Walker, on a percentage basis, Wisconsin is "spending twice as much on debt service for just basic road repair and maintenance" than before he took office.
Facebook posts : The Beirut explosion was linked to “human trafficking by HRC."
Scott Walker : "Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce."
Tariq El-Shabazz : "In my 30 year career including dozens of capital cases, not a single client of mine has ever been sentenced to death."
Tom Marino : "[Hillary Clinton]'s not trusted -- virtually at all."
Facebook posts : Florida Agriculture Commissioner Nikki Fried “suspended gun rights — no due process — just because she says these people were merely ‘involved’ in January 6.”
Tom Nelson : "Since 2010, student debt has increased by 102% and real wages have fallen by over 8%.”
Facebook posts : “Joe Biden was involved in a plot to kidnap JFK Jr. according to the just declassified FBI files, and also made several threats."
Carlos Beruff : Says President Obama’s deal "allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon."
Ivanka Trump : Says John Quincy Adams said, "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader."
Donald Trump : "The Electoral College is much more advantageous for Democrats."
Facebook posts : “Because our family couldn’t afford health insurance, Obama/Biden penalized us about $10,000, then took that $10,000 and used it to pay for others’ free Obamacare. Trump ended that theft.”
Donald Trump : “If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha, Wisconsin, there would be no Kenosha right now.”
Sondy Pope : Common Core "is not from the federal government," they "do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all."
United for Care : "Medical-grade marijuana alone will not get that patient ‘high,’ no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant."
Tweets : Says this crowd video shows the ongoing protests in Cuba.
Arianna Huffington : "Most countries have no debt ceiling."
Barack Obama : Health care reform plans being consided in Congress "will finally reduce the costs of health care."
Young America's Foundation : "FACT: Less than 1% of the trash in the ocean is from the United States."
Facebook posts : "The Clinton Foundation folded.”
Bernie Sanders : "Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty."
Christina Blackcloud : The school voucher bill the Iowa Legislature is considering would "give your education tax dollars to corporations."
Donald Trump : "We got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that’s taking over our country. And the numbers are way down."
Hillary Clinton : "We now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil."
National Rifle Association : Says Barack Obama "supported Ted Kennedy’s ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition."
Scott Walker : Says under his leadership "Wisconsin median household income" is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : “Right to Work states have: faster private sector employment growth”
George Allen : "I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere."
Blake Rocap : "When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights … Blake Rocap stopped them."
Facebook posts : “Pope Francis is dead.”
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Cal Cunningham "voted for over $1 billion in new taxes.”
Doug MacGinnitie : "When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats."
Charles Bass : "America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. It's now number 17."
Steve Moore : In the 1980s, "The lowest income people had the biggest gains."
Barack Obama : Health insurance companies are "making record profits, right now."
Jim Hightower : Says the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an "operational profit year after year."
Viral image : “Here are pictures from Trump’s Tulsa rally!!!”
Viral image : Photos from Sept. 11, 2001, show that "Donald Trump joined America’s heroes and carried victims over his shoulders down the steps of the burning World Trade Center. Obama spent the whole day sitting in the Oval Office with his feet on the desk watching basketball."
Alan Powell : "Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks."
Viral image : Says in 2012 "Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Chris Christie "cut equal pay for women, calling it 'senseless bureaucracy.' "
Michelle Malkin : A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that "if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, you're just going to extend joblessness even more."
Nancy Pelosi : "I don't know who (Jonathan Gruber) is."
Tdtalliance.com : "Obama orders ban on Christmas cards to military."
Texas Medical Association : Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
Dan Patrick : Under David Dewhurst’s leadership, the Texas "Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants."
Bloggers : Says Henry Kissinger said "Trump is the one true leader in world affairs and he is forcing policy changes that put America first!"
Dominick Marino : "The firefighter and police officer pension system is not headed for bankruptcy, far from it. That’s because New Jersey first responders -- fire fighters and police officers -- have never missed making payments to the retirement system."
Rick Santorum : Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, "You took it out of your book."
Mike Huckabee : "(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California."
David Cicilline : "The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out" of access to the city's finances.
Kellyanne Conway : Says the Donald J.Trump Foundation's money "is his money."
Democratic National Committee : John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
Barry Hinckley : "Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages."
Scott Walker : Minnesota’s "advantage" in economic growth has been having "Republicans in charge of at least one part of government" for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats "for many years" before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship.
Charlie Crist : Rubio's tax swap proposal "would have been a massive tax increase."
Terry McAuliffe : “If you look at the average teacher pay compared to the average pay of your citizens, Virginia ranks last.”
Viral image : Says Donald Trump was caught on a hot mic insulting his supporters.
Facebook posts : “So 2 doctors from Bakersfield discover that coronavirus mortality rate is 0.03%. 13x less deadly than what was previously thought! Their analysis has since been banned from YouTube.”
Sheldon Whitehouse : "[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply."
North Carolina Republican Party : Democrats pledged to "force all North Carolinians into a single-payer health insurance scheme" that would cost $72 billion.
Bernie Sanders : "We end the $100 billion a year that the health care industry makes."
Bloggers : Says Clint Eastwood said "one day we will realize that the Barack Obama presidency was the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on the American people." ​
Facebook posts : Italy “went against the WHO's ‘law’” against COVID-19 autopsies and “discovered covid is not a virus, but a bacterium” that “clots the blood and reduces the oxygen saturation.”
Sid Miller : "Confederate veterans were conferred with many of the same benefits of other United States military veterans by Acts of Congress back in 1929 and 1957."
Facebook posts : Elderly people were “beat up by a BLM hate group” for being white.
Mike DeWine : "A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone."
Allan Fung : In the 38 Studios deal, "Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust."
Robert DiMuccio : "Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation."
Facebook posts : People in Germany saw this electoral map that shows Trump beating Biden with 410 electoral votes before Dominion’s servers were seized.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "In Catherine Cortez Masto's last term as attorney general, Nevada murder went up 11 percent, robbery went up 28 percent, rape 51 percent. When Cortez Masto left office, Nevada ranked as America's third most dangerous state."
Bill White : Says Rick Perry's proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989.
Lou Dobbs : Obama’s 2012 policy on younger immigrants "created these children coming across" the border.
Danny O'Connor : Says Ohio U.S. Rep. Troy Balderson backs a "massive tax giveaway" for corporations "by slashing Medicare and Social Security."
Mary Margaret Oliver : Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
Brendan Doherty : "David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence  and child abuse."
Sherrod Brown : "We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports."
Alberta Darling : "Democrats flip flop on pre-existing conditions."
Saxby Chambliss : "The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent that's happening in Syria."
Mark Daniels : A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
Bloggers : A University of Texas "student pulled out a concealed handgun" on a knife-wielding suspect "and made him back down."
Brit Hume : "It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country."
Michael Steele : The Republican Party "fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."
Linda Koop : Says Stefani Carter "repeatedly used her campaign contributors’ donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office."
Americans For Tax Reform : "Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs."
Bloggers : Says "Monica Lewinsky Found Dead" in a burglary.
Facebook posts : Rep. Ilhan Omar "voted yes" to "provide further funding for the 9/11 First Responders Victims Fund" while Sen. Rand Paul "voted no."
Bumper Sticker : "CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn."
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee : Says Thom Tillis voted to support Trump’s emergency declaration to fund the border wall even though it would "raid $80 million from North Carolina."
Tom Barrett : Says "Scott Walker says he would ban stem cell research"
Jeff Sessions : "California won’t let law enforcement officers like you and your people transfer prisoners to ICE custody or even to communicate with ICE that you’re about to release them from your custody — people that ICE is looking for."
Al Sharpton : One Wisconsin school district "is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time."
Carol Shea-Porter : "Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals" in 2014.
Mitt Romney : "This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not."
JB Pritzker : "$1 billion—that’s how much Bruce Rauner has wasted with his budget crisis."
Jennifer Granholm : Says Mitt Romney "pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators."
Donald Trump : Says "the New York Times can write a story that they know is false" yet "they can't basically be sued."
Jerry Brown : "California has added twice as many jobs as Florida" over the past year.
Jeb Bush : "Barack Obama will somehow manage to add more than $8 trillion to the national debt, which is more debt than the 43 presidents who held office before him compiled together."
Facebook posts : Passports aren’t required to enter the United States from Mexico and Canada.
John Boehner : "The American people spoke pretty loudly. They said stop all the looming tax hikes...."
Herman Cain : The U.S. has "47 million people on food stamps. That’s 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over."
Hillary Clinton : Says "all my grandparents" immigrated to America.
Carly Fiorina : Planned Parenthood "is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates."
Hillary Clinton : Every family health insurance policy has "a $900 hidden tax" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured.
Andy Brown : "Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas."
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting "the president's Recovery Act."
Donald Trump : Says he didn't cancel a political rally because after Sept. 11, "the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day."
Bernie Sanders : "If you look at California, if you look at people of color in general, African-Americans, Latinos, Asian-Americans, we won that big time. Big time. Not even close.”
Bob Donovan : Under Mayor Tom Barrett, the number of Milwaukee police officers "has not increased."
Martin O'Malley : "If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household."
Government is Not God PAC : Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words "endowed by their Creator" when referring to the Declaration of Independence.
Americans for Prosperity : "A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care, recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases."
Mark Meadows : "The previous administration under President Barack Obama really was the first time that we didn’t ask a citizenship-type question … for the first time in a century, a citizenship question was not included in 2010."
John McCain : "The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident."
Rush Limbaugh : The United States is the leading nation in the world "with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change."
Ed FitzGerald : "Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while they're paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores."
John Podesta : "On Oct. 7, the Access Hollywood tape comes out. One hour later, WikiLeaks starts dropping my emails."
Greg Abbott : "Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax."
Sarah Palin : When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent "a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."
Facebook posts : NASCAR eliminated the national anthem at races.
Facebook posts : “Drunk” Nancy Pelosi “was removed from the House floor for cursing at Republicans.”
Ed Gillespie : Says Mark Warner has supported Harry Reid "down the line."
Facebook posts : “Facebook said that if you support the NRA you will get kicked off.”
John Huppenthal : Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
Keith Olbermann : "Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year."
Nikki Haley : "Some countries are contributing (peacekeeping) troops because they're making money off of them."
Bernie Sanders : I received "more votes from young people — black, white, Latino, Asian American and Native American — than Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton combined."
Sean Duffy : "Julie Lassa willingly took a hefty pay raise at a time when people throughout her district and the state were losing their jobs."
Keith Rothfus : "Since the end of the financial crisis, we have seen an average of one community bank or credit union disappear every day."
Bloggers : "If a statue of a person in the park on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle. If the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle. If the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes."
Facebook posts : “4 republican senators now on board...no vote until January on (Supreme Court): Murkowski, Romney, Collins, Grassley.”
Marco Rubio : Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers "from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment."
Facebook posts : Pennsylvania rejected 372,000 mail-in ballots
John McCain : "One man sacrificed for his country. One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth. One man stands up to the special interests."
Ken Detzner : One of the "main functions" of the Department of Homeland Security’s SAVE database is "checking voter registration citizenship status."
Sara Stevenson : "The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test."
Barack Obama : McCain "has opposed stem cell research."
Van Wanggaard : "You're more likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Milwaukee than in 96 percent of the country."
Jim DeMint : Says President Obama's new immigration plan "is amnesty."
Republican News : "First indictment issued in Russian bribery case tied to Obama-era Uranium One deal."
Glenn Beck : John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, "has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population."
Thomas Lindsay : "Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are A's, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960."
Instagram posts : “CDC Director Robert Redfield says healthy people should NOT wear masks.”
Dave Obey : A ban on earmarks greatly weakens the authority Congress has over spending, to the benefit of the executive branch.
Hillary Clinton : "Every piece of legislation, just about, that I ever introduced (in the U.S. Senate) had a Republican co-sponsor."
David Perdue : Says Michelle Nunn is "for amnesty."
Pamela Geller : In Parkland, Fla. "the mass murderer was immersed in Islamic and leftwing hate."
Lawrence Lessig : "If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times."
John Bucy III : "Right now, 1 in 4 Texas women of reproductive age are uninsured, totaling 1.5 million Texas women."
Dennis Jones : Says required state septic inspections would cost septic tank owners $100 to $150 every five years.
Facebook posts : "U.S. deaths since 1/22 (2020): COVID-19: 27, flu, 4,700; abortion: 118,000."
Lincoln Chafee : "The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October."
Mark Warner : Other than University of Virginia’s 2019 basketball team, "We’ve not had a Virginia team even in the Final Four in over a decade. I think George Mason was the last one…"
Barack Obama : Clinton said "great things about NAFTA until she started running for president."
Paul Ryan : In the United States, "we tax our exports and don't tax our imports."
FreedomCrossroads.us : "Malia Obama Fired From Cushy Internship At Spanish Embassy"
Donald Trump : "China will be allowed to build hundreds of additional coal plants. So we can’t build the plants, but they can, according to this (Paris) agreement."
Paul Ryan : "Over $1 trillion" was spent on anti-poverty programs in 2011, enough to "give every single poor American a check for $22,000."
Facebook posts : Six states "decided to stop counting" votes as Donald Trump was "headed for a win” on election night.
Van Taylor : I "helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate."
Stanley Greenberg : "What was the reality for most Americans during the Obama presidency? Most lost wealth and their incomes fell, particularly for those at the bottom of the ladder."
Charlie Crist : "I always supported civil unions."
Facebook posts : Say a video shows “staffers stuffing ballots in flint mi”
Jeanne Shaheen : "Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses."
Chris Christie : Says "our economy in New Jersey gets $38 billion from the businesses at the Shore."
Jess McIntosh : Liberty University students "were mandated" to attend Sen. Ted Cruz’s presidential announcement "or they would be fined."
Marco Rubio : "Ted Cruz defended a Chinese company that stole an invention from an American inventor."
Chris Abele : Says Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago.
Veronica Escobar : Says Texas “either is near the bottom or at the very bottom when it comes to testing per capita.”
Sam Adams : Says "$30 million gap" in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave.
Michael Kearns : "When I saw corruption and sexual harassment cover-ups I called on Sheldon Silver to resign."
Florida Democratic Party : In ad attacking Rick Scott, says three executives of the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he ran were indicted.
Rand Paul : “Sorry Dr Fauci and other fearmongers, new study shows vaccines and naturally acquired immunity DO effectively neutralize COVID variants.”
Arizona Citizens Defense League : Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to "leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms."
Facebook posts : Quotes George Washington as saying "it is impossible to rightly govern a nation without God and the Bible."
Rick Scott : "It is projected that 3.07 million people will use the train annually. Keep in mind that Amtrak's Acela train in Washington D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, New York and Baltimore only had 3.2 million riders in 2010."
Facebook posts : “The U.S. Department of State … released a statement on their website stating that Donald J. Trump's term ended” on Jan. 11, 2021.
Barack Obama : "Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs."
EnergyCitizens.org : Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
Facebook posts : “Foot Locker donated 200 million dollars to BLM.”
Dinesh D'Souza : A photograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
Tim Kaine : "We’ve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row."
Viral image : A photo shows Rob Cantrall at a recent Michigan protest.
Virginia House Democratic Caucus : The State Capitol Police "recommended" banning guns at the Capitol.
Rand Paul : "The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence."
Common Sense Kids Action : "California has more kids in poverty ... than virtually any other state."
Facebook posts : Says every time someone purchases a Bang energy drink, a portion of the money is donated to help re-elect Donald Trump and "goes to the fund campaign for MAGA!"
Dan McCready : "Mark Harris has said he would cut Social Security and Medicare."
Rick Santorum : "Amniocentesis, does, in fact, result more often than not in this country in abortion."
Viral image : A Time magazine cover calls Donald Trump the “Worst. President. Ever.”
Marco Rubio : The only budget Ted Cruz "ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it."
NumbersUSA : “Nearly 2 out of 3 Americans want to reduce legal immigration from 1 million per year down to 500,000 or less.”
Donald Trump : "Our new (health care) plans are up to 60% less expensive and better" than Obamacare.
Will Weatherford : Florida has "the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country."
Rush Limbaugh : Says Joe Biden’s Democratic National Convention speech “had to be taped in segments, and the segments had to be edited together.”
John McCain : "Congress just passed another huge, pork-filled spending bill. The Democrats allowed less than a day to read all 3,400 pages and stuffed it with nearly 10,000 earmarks costing about $10-billion dollars."
Facebook posts : Says Wisconsin’s in-person election has caused a “surge” in new coronavirus cases
Arnold Schwarzenegger : When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, "there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now there’s a $2 billion surplus."
Dan Stock : Says the surge in COVID-19 cases is caused by “antibody mediated viral enhancement” from the COVID-19 vaccines.
Nancy Pelosi : About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
Alma Adams : "The President wants to cut 3 MILLION people from SNAP, including children, seniors and veterans."
TikTok posts : "Norfolk naval base has been taken by NATO."
Alan Grayson : "On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a ‘Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters."
Shared This : A Colgate toothpaste is subject to "recall."
Rick Santorum : "Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock."
Dennis Baxley : "We’ve had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (‘stand your ground’) has been in effect."
Matt Tighe : Chris Jacobs "has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New York’s largest public corruption schemes"
The Rhode Island Catholic : Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion.
Bloggers : Americans "would run out of avocados in three weeks" if imports from Mexico were stopped due to a border closure.
Bloggers : “Joe Exotic tests positive for coronavirus in prison. It’s been confirmed.”
Facebook posts : “Biden gets brutal impeachment.”
Hank Johnson : "Two weeks ago, a man entered the world’s busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR-15 automatic weapon with an extended-capacity, 100-round magazine."
Greater Wisconsin Committee : "Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns" and got $570 million in job-development incentives
Miro Weinberger : "As a city, we currently use about 4 percent less electricity today than we used in 1989."
Viral image : Says the coronavirus isn’t new because “Lysol has it listed as one of the viruses that it kills.”
Bloggers : Say "Pope says that the rights of Muslim migrants trump any safety concerns that you might have with them in your country."
Jerry Patterson : “We’re making more than ever off oil and gas right now, but it’s no secret that oil production in Texas peaked in the 1970s.”
Mark Neumann : Says U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde "supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail"  and "billions more to bail out banks."
Greg Walden : Under the Affordable Care Act, "some people were gaming the system" by paying "for nine months of insurance, get 12 -- the other three for free."
Hillary Clinton : In Wisconsin, because a key provision of the Voting Rights Act was not in effect,  "somewhere between 40,000 and 80,000 people were turned away from the polls (in 2016) because of the color of their skin" and other factors.
John McCain : "The Democrats in the Senate and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. They resisted any change."
Beto O'Rourke : Says he "did not try to leave the scene of the accident" that led to his arrest for driving while intoxicated.
Donald Trump : When Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential running mate, "that was the end" of Romney’s chances to win.
Viral image : “Some of you are being injected with saline because it would look too suspicious if everybody died at the same time.”
Donna Brazile : Ninety percent of the people in Arkansas still love Bill Clinton.
Donald Trump : "In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds."
Virginia Foxx : Americans spend "6.1 billion hours a year" on tax preparation.
Facebook posts : Video shows a poll worker committing voter fraud in Delaware County, Pa.
Bluedot Daily : "Trump: police officers and firefighters make too much money…hits them with tax penalty."
Facebook posts : Quotes Alexandria-Ocasio Cortez as saying private truck drivers are "destroying America" and should be "government regulated and drivers should be on full-time camera until we can figure out how to automate our shipping and do away with them altogether."
Chain email : "Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet" that would require links to opposing opinions.
Burger King : After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is "not moving. … Our headquarters will remain in Miami" and "(we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes."
Donald Trump : "Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered" by the 14th Amendment.
Bloggers : "Since 2001, 63,000 of us were murdered by illegal aliens."  ​
Bernie Sanders : "Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States."
Mary Burke : Job creation has gotten worse each year that Scott Walker has been governor.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean "big tax increases."
Xavier Becerra : "Every time we go to court," against the Trump administration, "for the most part, we win."
Facebook posts : Women’s menstrual cycles and fertility are affected by being around people who have received COVID-19 vaccines
Phil Gingrey : Tax increases could "come into play" as a result of the debt ceiling deal.
Senate Majority PAC : "(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks."
Mitch Carmichael : In West Virginia, "our students enter in at fourth grade the first time they’re tested, 37th or 38th in the nation—which is not good, but it’s not horrible. By the time they’re in the 8th grade, they’re 46th or 47th, and then upon 11th grade testing they’re near last."
Alexi Giannoulias : "He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service."
Viral image : "After prohibition ended, police deaths didn't reach 200 a year again until the year Nixon declared war on drugs."
Michele Bachmann : "The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon."
Bob Goodlatte : "Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own."
Donald Trump : Minneapolis "city government preemptively informed the Target Center that it would be responsible for $530,000 in security and other costs" related to a Trump rally, "more than 26 times the estimated security costs for a 2009 Target Center health care rally held by President Barack Obama."
George Will : Oregon’s "three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers."
Bloomberg.com : Delta has had the most animal deaths among U.S. carriers in the past five years
Alan Grayson : "The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts."
TheNewYorkEvening.com : "Pope Francis: Gun owners ‘can’t call themselves Christian’"
ForAmerica : Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Catherine Cortez Masto "was happy to line her own pockets with taxpayer dollars when state employees were slammed with frozen salaries."
Sheila Resseger : "By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests."
Mitt Romney : The "48, 49 percent" that supports President Barack Obama are "people who pay no income tax."
Barack Obama : "When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, it's approaching 3 percent."
Republican Governors Association : Mayor Tom Barrett’s policies drove unemployment up 27 percent in Milwaukee, pushing it to "one of America’s 10 worst cities for unemployment."
Rick Perry : "Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina."
Scott Hochberg : "Only about a third" of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
Donald Trump : With a late-term abortion, "the mother meets with the doctor. They take care of the baby, they wrap the baby beautifully. And then the doctor and the mother determine whether or not they will execute the baby."
Jeff Sessions : An agreement between the city of Chicago and the ACLU caused "virtually all of the rise in homicides" in 2016.
Barack Obama : "Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. They're much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower."
Rick Scott : "Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States."
Jon Ossoff : In the federal government, "there’s $16 billion in duplicate programs" that can be cut.
Donald Trump : Under the Iran nuclear deal, "we give them $150 billion, we get nothing."
Winsome Sears : “The very first Republican convention after the Civil War was held in Virginia in a Black church.”
Facebook posts : Video footage from Georgia shows suitcases filled with ballots pulled from under a table and illegally counted after election observers were told to leave.
Facebook posts : Joe Biden said, “The things I did while in elected office should not be made public while I am seeking a higher public office.”
Charlie Crist : Says Marco Rubio said that "people who essentially don't agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann."
Raul Labrador : Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
Allen West : The U.S. "had the opportunity with Israel coming and talking to us about improving our security screening procedures, and we turned them down."
Instagram posts : A video of Mark Zuckerberg shows him talking about controlling "billions of people’s stolen data" to control the future.
Edward Snowden : "Wholly domestic communication between you and your wife can go to New York to London and back and get caught up in the (NSA) database."
Mika Brzezinski : "Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence."
Kevin Coughlin : Says there’s not "much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything."
Bernie Sanders : "49% of all new income goes to the top 1%."
Michael Morell : Says Donald Trump has outlined "policies that read like a Kremlin wish list."
Roy Barnes : Said he won the Democratic primary "without one ... negative TV spot."
Edward Cox : Marc Molinaro "has cut taxes, his budget now is lower than it was six years ago" in Dutchess County
Jack Hanna : "In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000."
Lloyd Doggett : Hays County in Central Texas has seen an “incredible 845% increase in (COVID-19) cases since June 7.”
North Carolina Republican Party : Says North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper “has seen his approval rating plummet”
Kamala Harris : "Studies have shown Latinos are more than 40 percent less likely to call 911 when they have been a victim of a crime."
Michele Bachmann : Says Donald Trump’s polling numbers show that he’s "the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been."
Jim Renacci : "The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes).  ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent."
Sean Duffy : Wisconsin has only one county, Dane, "that's hand counting the votes" in the 2016 presidential recount.
Andrew Cuomo : "A case before Washington’s Supreme Court seeks to effectively end public labor unions."
Rick Scott : "All Aboard Florida is a 100 percent private venture. There is no state money involved."
Social Media : Video shows Joe Biden stuttering after being asked about touching women “without their permission” on The View.
Facebook posts : Says actor Kurt Russell said this about the police.
Donald Trump : "We’ve signed more bills -- and I’m talking about through the legislature -- than any president ever."
Roger Williams : A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
Michael Doherty : Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an "at risk" designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
Marcus Low : "Most funding for tuberculosis research (is) provided by the U.S. National Institutes for Health."
Drew Brees : "Do you know what the second sport with the most concussions is? Women’s soccer… And the third most dangerous sport? Cheerleading."
Eric Cantor : "The National Science Foundation spent $1.2 million paying seniors to play World of Warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain."
Facebook posts : Says YouTube removed Tucker Carlson’s interview with Tony Bobulinski.
Arne Duncan : "In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden stuck a gun in an elderly woman’s mouth at a Wisconsin rally
Viral image : Photos show cemeteries and war memorials damaged during George Floyd demonstrations.
Bill Spelman : Says challenger Dominic Chavez is a "Rick Perry Republican" lobbyist.
Rob Portman : "We rank below Ethiopia, I'm told, in terms of our exports per capita, well below any of the other developed countries we trade with, and well below China and (South) Korea."
Greg Abbott : "More Texans have jobs today than ever before in the history of our state."
Sameh Shoukry : In the past 20 years, Egypt has made "great strides" in political and democratic reform.
Alisha Thomas Morgan : "In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct."
Michael Cerullo : "Marijuana contains 50 to 70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco."
Viral image : Quotes Rep.-elect Ilhan Omar as saying, "I think all white men should be put in chains as slaves because they will never submit to Islam."
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on an assault weapons ban.
Roy Blunt : Says his amendment on a budget bill “would have helped get kids back in school after teachers were vaccinated. Every single Senate Democrat voted against it.”
Phil King : Says families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
Chris Abele : A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a "strong indicator" of  broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage
Instagram posts : Says photo of beaten woman is Aracely Henriquez, a pregnant woman who George Floyd assaulted during an armed robbery.
Oregon Center for Public Policy : "7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works."
John Kasich : "The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times."
Chris Christie : "If you look at most of the polls, this is a margin-of-error race on Fourth of July between Mitt Romney and the president."
Ohio Department of Transportation : "Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year."
Facebook posts : Says of the Milwaukee mass shooter: "Supposedly he is black. A noose was hung on his locker and he addressed the issue and he was fired! So he returned the next work day and killed who he all thought were involved."
Facebook posts : “The NFL agreed to give the domestic terror group, BLM, 250 million dollars.”
Michael J. Gardiner : "It costs us, logistically, three times more to fight in Afghanistan than it does in any other place."
Facebook posts : Says President Trump posted a combative tweet to EA Sports about Colin Kaepernick.
Susana Martinez : In New Mexico, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Diane Denish "spent federal stimulus funds on campaign Christmas cards."
Alison Lundergan Grimes : Says Mitch McConnell voted "two times against the Violence Against Women Act."
Donald Trump : The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are "in many cases celebrities that aren’t very hot anymore."
Scott Walker : Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin "are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam."
Republican Governors Association : "Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms – She taxed them all. Architect of Corzine’s budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards."
Hillary Clinton : "Latinos are 17 percent of our country's population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth."
Center for Western Priorities : "Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac."
Alejandro Mayorkas : The border surge is “challenging” because the immigration system that had been in place for decades “was dismantled in its entirety by the Trump administration.”
Viral image : Old photo shows Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp and his mother wearing KKK garb.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange."
Democratic Party of Virginia : In 2007, Ed Gillespie "was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan."
Reid Ribble : Says Donald Trump "wants to replace" Obamacare "with a single-payer system."
Viral image : Says a photo shows "Kurdish kids" after Turkey’s invasion.
Facebook posts : Says Mike Pence was arrested.
Rush Limbaugh : Sen. Arlen Specter's party switch could "end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee."
Facebook posts : Quotes Valerie Jarrett as saying she is an "Iranian by birth" and seeks to "change America to be a more Islamic country"
Rick Perry : Says he’s the first Aggie governor of Texas.
Lincoln Chafee : If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
Steve Rothman : Says "Bill Pascrell voted to eliminate all estate taxes for billionaires, and I voted no."
Barack Obama : "If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars."
Sean Casten : Says the 1995 Chicago heat wave was “the largest single-day, non-war fatality in the United States” prior to 9/11, and “we are now expecting temperatures that hot in Chicago every summer.”
Rick Perry : "The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day."
Chris Larson : Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele "once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters."
Education Action Group : "Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PB&J sandwiches racist."
Joseph Kyrillos : Says Robert Menendez is "the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I haven’t raised any Wall Street money at all."
Donald Trump : "In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings."
Missouri House Democratic Caucus : "An average of nearly 5,000 Missourians were contracting COVID every day in November."
Barack Obama : "There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think it's a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy."
John Rodgers : "And the number one killer of teens in the United States is driving while using cell phones."
Barack Obama : The United States has "one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world."
Hillary Clinton : Says she "called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight" early on in the financial crisis.
Viral image : "If you need to call 911 but are scared to because of someone in the room dial and ask for a pepperoni pizza."
Good Jobs First : Oklahoma teachers "are the poorest paid teachers in the US, in a state that gives nearly $500 million in tax handouts to energy companies."
Donald Trump : Says Paul Manafort’s alleged crimes were "years ago, before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign."
Lindsey Graham : The USA Freedom Act undercuts privacy because "the phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records, versus 20 or 30 people in the government."
Michele Bachmann : ACORN will be a paid partner with the Census Bureau and "they will be in charge of going door-to-door and collecting data from the American public."
Cover Oregon : "For the cost of $5 vanilla soy latte a day, you can get a sweet health insurance plan to match."
Julián Castro : "Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription."
Anthony Gemma : U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
Glenna Hodge : "Schools in Austin Independent School District are teaching children as young as 4 years old that their gender is fluid – that they’re not a boy or a girl and they can choose whichever gender they want."
Facebook posts : “Don’t buy the new Pepsi can coming out with pics of the Empire State building and the Pledge of Allegiance on them. Pepsi left out 2 little words in the pledge ‘Under God.’”
Dan Crenshaw : “Subsidizing investment in wind has pushed gas and nuclear out. Now we live with the consequences.”
Emergency Committee for Israel : "While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option."
Facebook posts : Quotes Kurt Cobain saying in 1993 that he wouldn’t be surprised if his generation eventually elected a "true outsider" a "business tycoon who can’t be bought" … "someone like Donald Trump"
Marco Rubio : "People (are) paying more in taxes than they will for food, housing and clothing combined."
Facebook posts : Says Novak Djokovic said of Simone Biles: “Pressure is a privilege, my friend. ...If you are aiming to be at the top of the game you better start learning how to deal with pressure…”
YouTube videos : Nancy Pelosi explains how Democrats demonize political opponents through the “wrap-up smear.”
Jeb Bush : "The top 1 percent pay 45 percent of all taxes in the country."
Karen Handel : "The Senate immigration bill is … filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos."
Derrick Johnson : "African Americans in Missouri are 75 percent more likely to be stopped and searched by law enforcement officers than caucasians."
Debra Medina : "The governor’s not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, we’ve seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas."
Arne Duncan : A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be "the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school."
Barack Obama : "When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position."
Chain email : "According to The Book of Revelations the anti-christ ... will be a man, in his 40s, of MUSLIM descent ... is it OBAMA??"
Michael Moore : During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
Viral image : Says after leaving the White House, Hillary Clinton "was forced to return an estimated $200,000 in White House china, furniture and artwork that she had stolen."
Facebook posts : Says Bruno Mars is Michael Jackson’s son.
Chris Christie : Says "taxes were raised 115 times in the eight years before I became governor" and those increases were part of a "path that led to wealth and jobs and people leaving our state."
Viral image : Photos show the inside of the BOK Center during Donald Trump’s rally in Tulsa.
Travis Allen : "Seventy four percent of Californians are absolutely against sanctuary state" policies.
Elaine Boyer : Low-flow toilets "can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each."
Sacramento Bee Editorial Board : Says Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage.
Donald Trump : The Trans-Pacific Partnership "was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone."
Hillary Clinton : The Clinton Foundation "took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization."
Charlie Crist : "All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars."
Bloggers : "San Juan Teamsters didn't show up for work to distribute relief supplies" because they went on strike.
John Kasich : "(Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million."
Rick Santorum : "I think it’s seven or eight of the California system of universities don’t even teach an American history course. It’s not even available to be taught."
Red State Wave : "Laura Ingraham just fired!!!"
Freedom Partners Action Fund : "Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm" at a Wisconsin VA facility "and nothing was done."
Donald Trump : "Companies are moving back, creating job growth the likes of which our country has not seen in a very long time."
Robert Uithoven : "If Question 1 were to pass here in Nevada, we would have more restrictive gun laws here in Nevada dealing with the transfer of firearms than they do in California."
Mitt Romney : Says President Obama promised "he'd keep unemployment below 8 percent" if the stimulus passed.
Facebook posts : “This is the California model spreading across the country. When you need to flip things blue there’s always some mysterious mail-in ballots lying around that’ll do the trick. Shameful!”
John Boehner : "Over the last two years since President Obama has taken office, the federal government has added 200,000 new federal jobs."
Facebook posts : Amid the COVID-19 outbreak, “Minnesota now has the highest unemployment rate in U.S. history.”
Bill Maher : "Brazil got off oil in the last 30 years."
JB Pritzker : “You can't actually use ARPA (American Rescue Plan Act) funds” to pay down state unemployment insurance fund deficits.
John Kasich : Ohio’s credit rating is "as high as you can get, AA+."
Pat Buchanan : "Now in half the homes in California, people speak a language other than English in their own homes."
Sue Bell Cobb : "Alabama is operating government on the lowest amount of tax revenue of any state in the nation."
TikTok posts : There is a “0.05% chance of dying from COVID.”
Donald Trump : "I’ve had tremendous Republican support. I have a 90% — 94% approval rating, as of this morning, in the Republican Party. That’s an all-time record."
Lauren Boebert : “Since removing the mask mandate two months ago, Texas has not reported a single COVID death. Not one."
Rick Scott : "Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise."
Bloggers : "Fox star Tucker Carlson in critical condition (then died) after head on collision driving home."
Corey Stewart : Ed Gillespie "would not mention (Donald Trump’s) name unless he was condemning him."
Chris Christie : There has been "$5 trillion in debt added over the last four years."
Scott Peters : Donald Trump "rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it."
Jay Carney : In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the "middle class" or "education."
Cato Institute : "There has been no net global warming for over a decade now."
John McCain : "Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings."
Mandy Cohen : Indiana expanded Medicaid when Mike Pence was governor
Ron Paul : "Just on Jan. 1 of this year, there were 40,000 new laws put on the books in one day."
Jim Himes : Says President Donald Trump "has not given this Congress a single email, phone record or document."
Ron Paul : Says the U.S. federal income tax rate was 0 percent until 1913.
Facebook posts : An image from the St. Louis protest is “what MSM (mainstream media) won’t show you. Peaceful demonstrator pointing weapon at homeowner.”
Ron Book : "Super Bowl L by everybody's estimation is a $500 million economic impact to the state of Florida."
Chris Van Hollen : "Between the year 2000 and 2006, (insurance) premiums in this country doubled."
Rand Paul : $3 trillion for federal coronavirus stimulus packages is "being borrowed basically from China."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs.
Julián Castro : "The difference between what I support and what you support, Vice President Biden, is that you require them to opt in (to a Medicare public option), and I would not require them to opt in. … They would automatically be enrolled. That’s a big difference. … Are you forgetting what you said two minutes ago?"
Matthew Rosendale : Says Sen. Jon Tester "took an income raise in the omnibus bill."
Donald Trump : Says his job approval poll numbers are "not bad" relative to other presidents at this point in his presidency.
Viral image : A photo shows Muslims laughing in front of a burning Notre Dame.
Marco Rubio : Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with "my money."
Tim Pawlenty : "From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent. … we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year."
John Kirby : Says President Barack Obama never said, "No boots on the ground" in Syria.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : "President Obama and liberal former DNC Chairman Tim Kaine’s $787 billion stimulus failed to create jobs."
Bloggers : Says "Georgia becomes first state to ban Muslim culture in historic move to restore Western values."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Ilhan Omar without a head scarf.
Facebook posts : Says Amy Coney Barrett said "calling a Black employee the N-word does not make for a hostile work environment."
One Wisconsin Now : "Two-thirds of Wisconsin corporations don't pay state income taxes."
Barack Obama : "More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their family’s plan."
Charles Schumer : "Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it."
Scott Walker : Wisconsin’s Government Accountability Board "wanted to consider Mickey Mouse and Adolf Hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions."
Barack Obama : Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
Tom Kean : Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Brendan Boyle : Says the concealed carry bill would allow residents of certain states to "travel to your community and walk right into a school zone with a loaded weapon, no matter what local laws say."
Josh Earnest : "The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country."
Hillary Clinton : "Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil."
Viral image : Says the mother of Covington student Nick Sandmann said "I only wish the pioneers had brought more blankets with smallpox."
George Voinovich : Says that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993.
Jeff Greene : "Every time Trump comes here to play golf, Florida taxpayers are paying for it. ... Jeff Greene will put a stop to that day 1."
Danny Tarkanian : Nevada Republicans "didn’t do one single thing to cut spending" in 2015.
Mitt Romney : President Obama "went around the world and apologized for America."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : "We definitely lost way more jobs in Texas this year than we gained — we lost 300,000 jobs in Texas alone this year."
Sean Duffy : "The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman don’t even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. They’re not nearly as good."
Ted Cruz : "Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars" because of Arizona’s immigration laws that drove out undocumented immigrants.
DailyNewsForAmericans.com : Singer Tina Turner: "This Thanksgiving Is The First Time in 8 Years That I am Thankful For Our President, God Bless Him And His Supporters."
Wisconsin Association for Justice : A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.
Florida Immigrant Coalition : "As an undocumented immigrant, you do have constitutional rights here in the United States."
Matt Wingard : Increasing the bottle deposit to 10 cents on a case of water bottles could literally double the price of that product in the store.
John Thune : "80 percent of the (individual mandate) tax falls on those who make $50,000 a year or less."
Facebook posts : Says Jacob Blake “declared he had a gun in the car and was going to go get it” and was “brandishing” a knife
Bernie Sanders : "When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor."
Frank Niceley : Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state "to try to keep the deer population down."
Facebook posts : Says "Russia donated 0$ to Donald Trump. Russia donated 145.000.000$ to the Clinton Foundation."
Hillary Clinton : "We have a higher rate of tested lead in people in Cleveland than in Flint."
Richard August : Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
Viral image : Bernie Sanders opposes the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Rick Perry : "Every engine manufacturer in the United States is now in the state of Texas."
Wilton Gregory : The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlanta’s largest and fastest-growing parishes.
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump is "on record extensively supporting (the) intervention in Libya."
Sarah Palin : Under the House health care bill, the government "will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."
Bernie Sanders : Says former President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominations "required 60 votes."
Conservative Solutions PAC : Says Donald Trump "bans disabled veterans from his high rise."
Survival International : With the goal to preserve 30% of the earth’s land and water by 2030, “300 million people stand to lose their land and livelihood, most of them tribal and indigenous peoples.”
Cleta Winslow : "In this city, there hasn’t been a stadium that’s lasted more than 27 years."
Barack Obama : "I've cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses."
Donald Trump : "The border city of El Paso, Texas, used to have extremely high rates of violent crime — one of the highest in the country, and considered one of our nation's most dangerous cities. Now, immediately upon its building, with a powerful barrier in place, El Paso is one of the safest cities in our country."
Vicki Shabo : "About 40 percent of workers don’t ... have a single paid sick day."
Charlie Smith : The federal government could save $500 million annually by circulating $1 coins instead of $1 bills.
Jefferson Smith : Says  "I don’t agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics."
Terry McAuliffe : During his governorship: "Every single city and county in Virginia, their unemployment dropped, and in most of the rural communities, it dropped more than 50 percent."
Bill Clinton : "Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995."
Scott Walker : Says he never called teachers "thugs" and has said nothing but "great things" about them during the fight over his curbs on unions
Viral image : Photo shows Jacob Blake’s “14-year-old rape victim.”
Al Gore : Global warming leads to much quicker spread of the Zika virus because the increased temperature, "makes mosquitoes mature faster,  . . . bite more due to having a higher metabolism, and makes the Zika virus inside of them incubate faster."
Carol Browner : "More than three-quarters of the oil is gone."
Sam Adams : Says "There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States."
Jeanne Shaheen : Says Scott Brown "co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control."
Terry McAuliffe : "We are taking Virginia’s investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealth’s history."
Hillary Clinton : After the shootings of Dallas policemen, "nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days."
Reince Priebus : Says Hillary Clinton took "money from kings of Saudi Arabia and Morocco and Oman and Yemen."
John Kasich : Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
Paul Broun : Says the federal government borrows "almost $60 billion per week."
Christine Lagarde : "In the United States, if there was equal participation of women in the labor market, GDP would be up by 5 percent."
Martin O'Malley : "97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health."
Barack Obama : "The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent."
Ted Cruz : "About half of the presidents have been governors; half of them, senators."
Doug Otto : Says Rick Perry said there’s an administrator for every teacher in Texas public schools.
Derrick Van Orden : Says U.S. Rep. Ron Kind has “spent more $ in 100+ days than was spent fighting WWII
Paul Ryan : President Barack Obama "has doubled the size of government since he took office."
Donald Trump : Mexico is "now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world."
AFL-CIO : Marco Rubio "opposes extending unemployment benefits."
Richard Corcoran : Says the Florida House of Representatives allocated $24 billion, "the greatest investment in education in Florida history!"
Bloggers : "Donald Trump to issue an executive order to ban Facebook across U.S."
Chain email : A United Nations working group has "adopted a proposed agenda" to enable member nations to "disarm civilians within their borders."
Greg Abbott : In Texas, "we've had three ISIS-related incidents already."
Charles Schumer : Says Donald Trump campaigned on not cutting Medicare and Social Security, but his nominee for the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Tom Price, "made his career on cutting Medicare and Medicaid."
Rudy Giuliani : "The $2.3-billion budget deficit I inherited when I came into office became a $2.9-billion surplus."
Donald Trump : On investigating during the Supreme Court confirmation process, "The FBI doesn’t do that."
Diane Douglas : The Arizona State Board of Education’s "failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student."
Jan Brewer : "Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded."
Portland Public Schools : Per-student K-12 state funding for Portland Public Schools has dipped from $6,036 in the 2007-2008 school year to $5,644 in the 2010-2011 school year
Basil Seggos : "No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State"
Crossroads GPS : "North Dakota's economy is reeling."
John Boehner : Says President Barack Obama’s health care law is "expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs."
Tom Barrett : "Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go."
Allan Fung : Gina Raimondo "paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers."
Dennis Linthicum : Says the U.S. national debt has tripled during Rep. Greg Walden’s time in Congress.
Charlie Crist : Marco Rubio "supported $800,000 for AstroTurf for a field where he played flag football."
Chain email : Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales.
Pat Toomey : “My mask will keep someone else safe and their mask will keep me safe.”
Steven Schale : "Re: (Marco) Rubio's support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million."
Daniel McKee : Central Falls "schools are overfunded by state money by as much as $8 million."
Jake Tapper : Says the Joker's "Red Hood" origin story is "the true one."
James O'Neil : "Wind power is the most undependable form of renewable energy."
Mark Pocan : In Congress, "on the Democratic side of the room, you’ve got men and women of all different races; on the other side, you’ve got a bunch of white men in dark suits, all over 55 or so."
Greater Wisconsin Committee : Scott Walker’s school-aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found 47 kids in a classroom.
Marco Rubio : "I have never supported cap and trade."
Orrin Hatch : "We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico)."
Viral image : Photo shows Barack Obama and George Clooney in a compromising situation with a child.
Mark Warner : Donald Trump has said "nuclear proliferation is OK."
Tweets : “Only sign outside Bucks County voting place. Democrats shown, republicans blurred out. … More scamming in Pennsylvania!”
Scott Walker : "The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money."
Stephen Sweeney : "New Jersey's poverty rate has increased since this governor took office and the number of New Jerseyans without health insurance has risen."
Americans for Prosperity : Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich "is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority."
Ted Cruz : "Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISIS' oil fields is they're concerned about global warming."
Thom Tillis : The Senate GOP plan does not raise taxes for Americans earning less than $70,000.
Mike Dovilla : Says President Obama's decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant "we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump."
MoveOn.org : "The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children."
Maggie Hassan : "With her solution, terrorists can still today — and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it — buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America."
Phil Gingrey : The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
Barack Obama : Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
Barack Obama : The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
Tim Kaine : Donald Trump says "all Mexicans are rapists."
John Cornyn : "Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa."
Bloggers : “The CDC can detain anyone with a fever — indefinitely. … Vaccination (is) a way people could get out of detention.”
Jay Chaudhuri : North Carolina is "in the small minority of states that requires an absentee ballot to be signed by two witnesses or a notary public."
Frank Fahrenkopf : "The majority of people travelling to these destination resorts are not going for the primary purpose of gambling."
Erika Harold : Says "Mike Madigan and Kwame Raoul team up to raise property taxes."
Mike Parson : “All Missouri’s high-risk areas have mask mandates in place.”
Bill Hammond : Says "if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma."
Kathleen Clyde : "'Wrong precinct' rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem."
Facebook posts : Hobby Lobby’s CEO wrote a letter saying the company’s stores may close.
Turning Point USA : Says Nevada Gov. Steve Sisolak "has banned the use of an anti-malaria drug that might help cure coronavirus.”
Ron Johnson : Says that as a U.S. senator, Russ Feingold "voted against authorizing our military 11 separate times."
Jerrold Nadler : "In 2011, for example, the United Kingdom had 146 deaths due to gun violence; Denmark, 71; Portugal, 142; and Japan, 30. But last year, in the United States, almost 40,000."
Hillary Clinton : After Britain’s vote to leave the European Union, "within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s."
Raphael Warnock : Says Kelly Loeffler “welcomed the support of a QAnon conspiracy theorist, and she sat down with a white supremacist for an interview.”
Facebook posts : "Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat."
Bob Corker : "The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran)."
Stephen Laffey : Giant companies like Toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right-to-work law
Ben Carson : "Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience."
Senate Leadership Fund : "In Washington, McCaskill joined the liberals for giving amnesty to 11 million illegal immigrants."
Bloggers : "Obama Announces Bid To Become UN Secretary General"
Charlotte Nash : Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
Tweets : The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
Bloggers : "Twitter caught leaking Donald Trump’s private messages in undercover sting."
Michael Bennet : Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Connie Mack : Says Bill Nelson "voted to raise our taxes 150 times."
Frank Lautenberg : "In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey."
Jonah Goldberg : Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy "have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act."
Roger Stone : As mayor of Newark, N.J., Cory Booker "stole $600,000 from a city water authority and laundered it through his law firm."
Brett Smiley : There are "approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island."
Viral image : A photo of "Obama’s White House staff" shows the alleged Ukraine whistleblower.
Bill Montford : The state has "less employees this year than we did last year."
Louie Gohmert : Says President Barack Obama has "not proposed one thing that would change" the fact that Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary.
"Clayton County Schools : ""Clayton County Public Schools recently achieved a milestone that has eluded other
metropolitan districts across the state"" by meeting federal guidelines for having a highly qualified staff."
Rick Perry : Starting in December 2007, "1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs."
Rob Eissler : "Obesity kills 34 children per hour."
John Flanagan : The state budget fully funds "an initiative to provide free college tuition for illegal immigrants, while rejecting an increase in Tuition Assistance Program funding that would help middle-class families afford college."
Sean Hannity : Under President Barack Obama, "8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago."
Facebook posts : Event 201 “gave out stuffed souvenir coronavirus toys” to “commemorate” Novel coronavirus outbreak
Jeff Morales : "The actual (construction) contracts that we’ve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates."
TikTok posts : “Central Park actually used to be a town called Seneca Village” founded by African Americans in 1825.
Bloggers : “163 paid protesters just filed a lawsuit against George Soros for not paying their bail.”
Lee Leffingwell : Says Austin’s treated wastewater, put into the Colorado River, is of higher quality than water the city takes from the lake for public use.
Robert Menendez : Says under President Barack Obama, the United States has created "five million jobs."
John Kasich : "As governor, Kasich delivered the largest tax cut in the nation."
Jeff Merkley : Says "in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000."
Back to Basics : Rick Perry is "taking money away from hurricane victims" and diverting it to "remodel the Governor's Mansion."
Robert Ortt : Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo and Democratic lawmakers are “granting free tuition to illegal immigrants while closing Excelsior Scholarship applications to citizen students.”
Chain email : "Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run"
David Furhman : The decision to remove Chick-fil-A from Emory University was based solely on student feedback.
Viral image : "Popeyes manager arrested for allegedly dipping chicken in cocaine based flour to increase business sales."
Charlie Gonzalez : "If Congress does not pass the renewal of the payroll tax cut before the end of the year, nearly 160 million working families will see their taxes go up by roughly $1,000."
Roy Blunt : "U.S. agricultural & food exports are expected to increase more than $2 billion annually under #USMCA"
Matt Gaetz : "As of 2014, illegal aliens made up roughly 3.5 percent of our population, and committed over 10 percent of all murders."
Hillary Clinton : "Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3,000 people have been killed by guns."
Chris Christie : Says "we had to cut 13 billion dollars in state spending over two years."
Tere McCann : Says opponent Chad Chadwell "wants condom techniques demonstrated to your children."
Joe Biden : Says his administration’s efforts have led to more school reopenings.
Lovely Warren : Racial comparisons on coronavirus statistics in Monroe County, N.Y., show that the impact on minorities is “basically on par, a little bit up, from the population numbers,” meaning that “we don’t see that disparity as much here.”
Fred Upton : Says House candidate Jon Hoadley voted to defund the police
John McCain : After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
Scott Walker : Two years ago we had "the largest structural deficit ever in Wisconsin."
Robert Reich : Says in Texas "it's legal to shoot someone who's committing a ‘public nuisance’ under the cover of dark."
Chris Moews : Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use "untrained corrections officers" rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront.
Donald Trump : Says that “over a 45-minute period that we had the press conference” on the coronavirus on March 13, 2020, the stock market set "an all-time record."
Wisconsin Republican Legislative leaders : Potential Foxconn changes are due to "the wave of economic uncertainty" from Evers administration
New Jersey Sierra Club : Says New Jersey is "losing 50 football fields of open space to development every day and the more we develop upstream the more flooding we have downstream."
Michael Savage : Elena Kagan is "a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through."
LZ Granderson : Says President Barack Obama has launched "twice as many strikes (on) countries that are predominantly Muslim" than President George W. Bush.
Lloyd Doggett : "Twenty-five states have lower unemployment than Texas" which is "tied with Mississippi for more minimum-wage jobs than anywhere in the United States."
Terry Gorman : "[Federal] law says that you can't give in-state tuition to an illegal alien … unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence."
Mark Udall : Currently, the intelligence community "can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism."
Facebook posts : Photos show the whistleblower with Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton.
Facebook posts : If Joe Biden steps down, Nancy Pelosi will become vice president.
New York Republican State Committee : "Liberals in County Hall want our community to be a sanctuary county"
Rob Portman : U.S. debt is "now equal to 100 percent of the GDP."
Susana Mendoza : "Every city that has a commuter tax — look at Detroit, Philadelphia — they are actually stagnating in terms of their economy. It’s been a job-killer."
Bloggers : Says there is a "new law now charging all protesters with terrorism."
Leonard Lance : "The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news."
Instagram posts : If Donald Trump “didn’t win Michigan why does the actual government site say he did?”
Artur Davis : The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance "whether they can afford it or not."
Virginia Center for Public Safety : "Since John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, more Americans have died by gunfire within our own country than American servicemen and women who were killed in all our wars."
Gerard Robinson : FCAT tests "account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year."
Mitt Romney : Says in the 2012 State of the Union address, President Obama "didn't even mention the deficit or debt."
Jay Nixon : "Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent" turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road "would be from folks outside Missouri."
Barack Obama : "I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it."
Joe Biden : Delaware has the "eighth-largest black population in the country"
Barack Obama : Under Obama's tax plan, "95 percent of you will get a tax cut."
Facebook posts : “Trump supporters are blocking access to polling sites at Clifton City Hall, New Jersey.”
Cal Cunningham : Says his campaign hasn’t accepted corporate PAC money and isn’t funded by "special interests."
Ray Cross : "Most research shows that (UW salaries) are a little behind, and (in) some areas we're behind more than others."
Viral image : Says photos show the Trump-Ukraine whistleblower with Chuck Schumer, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton.
Viral image : Protesters “broke into the White House.”
John McCain : "I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail."
Represent.us : "The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry" than the representatives who voted to stop it.
Lloyd Doggett : "In Austin, I’ve got half-a-dozen or more schools on a list to be closed — one of which I presented a federal blue-ribbon award to for excellence. And several hundred school personnel on the list for possible terminations."
Greg Walden : Says "Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?"
David Sciarra : "By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country."
Ted Cruz : Says CNN reported Ben Carson was "taking a break from campaigning" and the Cruz campaign "forwarded that news to our volunteers."
Trent Franks : "The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country."
People's Majority : "Sheldon Whitehouse [got] a secret closed-door briefing, warning of the [2008 economic] crash."
Nancy Pelosi : House Democrats "have a two-to-one advantage money-wise" against House Republicans.
Joe Rogan : The mRNA COVID-19 vaccines are “really gene therapy.”
Chet Edwards : Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
Bill Clinton : "We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt."
Rush Limbaugh : Alaska's Prince William Sound "is pristine now."
Scott Walker : Says his "Act 10 reforms" have "saved the taxpayers some $3 billion."
Jon Kyl : Says he did not say Republicans would filibuster immigration reform.
Diane Allen : Says Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
Levar Stoney : As executive director of the Democratic Party of Virginia there were "300 people on my payroll in 2008."
Donald Trump : "I was totally against the war in Iraq."
NARAL Pro-Choice America : Says Paul Ryan is leading the effort to "pass a tax bill with divisive conception language by disguising it as a college savings plan" in "another attempt to ban abortion and rob women of their reproductive rights."
Jason Carter : In the last 10 years, Georgia’s middle class income has dropped $6,500.
Viral image : Says Michael Kors said, "I’m tired of pretending I like blacks."
Will Weatherford : Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are "single, childless adults."
Jocelyn Benson : A Republican bill in Michigan “would make it a crime for election officials … to share information about how to vote by mail and where to find a ballot drop box.”
Joy Reid : "So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s."
Libraries Yes! Committee : Says Multnomah County libraries "are open 44 hours per week … the lowest of any library in the four-county region."
Sandra Stotsky : "Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts."
Bloggers : "Woman set to testify against Clintons blown up in home explosion."
Barack Obama : "The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan" gave his first address to a joint session of Congress.
TheSeattleTribune.com : "Idaho mother sentenced to prison after multiple citations for breastfeeding in public."
Donald Trump : "I doubled my African-American poll numbers. We went from 11 to 22 in one week."
Donald Trump : "The $5 billion website for Obamacare … never worked. Still doesn't work."
Donald Trump : "The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails."
Donald Trump : Crimea "was sort of taken away from President Obama. … And he wanted Russia to be out of what was called the G-8. And that was his determination."
Rick Scott : "The same federal government that offers some money for a program is walking away from another health care program."
Jeb Bush : "Florida was the only state during my eight years to go from AA to AAA" in its bond rating.
Greg Walden : Says the federal stimulus program was ineffective because "the number of jobs has actually decreased by 18,300 through July 2011."
Tina Rosenberg : In Liberia, "a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read."
Viral image : Honduras "bans citizens from owning guns" and has the "highest homicide rate in the entire world." Switzerland, with a similar population, "requires citizens to own guns" and has the "lowest homicide rate in the entire world."
Fred Risser : Says Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
Tom Barrett : A state report’s "projection is that approximately half of public employees" would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements.
Tammy Baldwin : Middle-class Americans "pay a higher tax rate than millionaires and billionaires."
Rick Scott : Bill McCollum "backed Jim Greer's effort to hide financial irregularities."
John McCain : Says iPads and iPhones "are built in the United States of America."
Ed FitzGerald : "Ohioans want an end to pay-to-play politics."
Rob Wittman : "On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career."
Linda Chavez-Thompson : "Most Texans aren't millionaires."
Barry Hinckley : "Sheldon Whitehouse's failure of leadership, the adding of almost $8 trillion in debt in his first full term, is shameful..."
Eric Holcomb : "We’re growing union jobs faster than Illinois."
Larry Krasner : "Larry Krasner is the only candidate running for District Attorney who explicitly pledges to never seek the death penalty."
Bill Nelson : Says Gov. Rick Scott returned "$1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law."
Bloggers : "U.S. Embassy Celebrates America’s Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims."
Bernie Sanders : Says Mike Bloomberg is “a candidate who in 2015 stated, and I quote: ‘I, for example, am not in favor, have never been in favor of raising the minimum wage.’”
Jim Justice : China today is "burning seven to eight times the amount of coal that we’re burning in the United States."
Barack Obama : "The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed" on spending cuts.
Joe Biden : "The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon — other than these drug gangs taking on one another — end up being shot with their own weapon."
Barack Obama : "I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... We've got about 60 percent done in three years."
Michael Bloomberg : "Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year."
Ron Bergeron : "There has never been a panther attack in the history of Florida."
Paul Ryan : "Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years"
Republican Party of Texas : "Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined."
Lois Kolkhorst : Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
George Will : Says that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, "we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher."
Newt Gingrich : Says that Rick Santorum "voted for the unions over FedEx."
David Englin : "A cashier earning $20,000 per year pays the same (Virginia) income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning $20 million per year."
Tony Perkins : "We're already seeing bakers and florists and photographers forced to participate in same-sex marriages under the threat of law and in some cases even jail."
Republican National Committee : DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz "denied unemployment went up under Obama."
Mark Pocan : Wisconsin is "dead last in the Midwest for job creation."
Scott Walker : "We’re importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. We’re America’s Dairyland, but yet we don’t have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers."
Marco Rubio : The United States does "not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S."
Bill de Blasio : "It matters that we nominate a candidate who saw the destruction wrought by a broken health care system and gave people universal health care. … These things really matter. And these are the things that I've done in New York."
Carly Fiorina : Sen. Barbara Boxer "passed only three bills in 18 years" into law.
Republican National Committee : The Obama administration offered "$900 million to Hamas, a recognized terrorist organization, to rebuild Gaza."
Kevin Cramer : "Protections on pre-existing conditions have been there since the 1970s."
Tony Evers : Says Wisconsin ‘could compel’ Foxconn to install solar panels that would power 33,000 homes.
Matt Gaetz : "In 1992, the Democratic Party had in their platform provisions that said that illegal aliens were coming in this country, committing felonies, sent back and then they were right back across the border to do the same thing."
Barack Obama : "If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase."
John Ludlow : Says "I am happy to decline PERS so that the County can save over $68,000 over a four year term that would have been paid on my behalf."
Instagram posts : Joe Biden and Kamala Harris “continuously questioned the vaccine during the campaign” but now “they support vaccine cards and forced vaccinations.”
Renee Hoagenson : "Missouri has the worst roads in the Midwest and nearly the worst roads in the country."
Bill Clinton : The stimulus program "cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people."
Facebook posts : Says Goodwill used the pandemic “to fire all of their employees instead of laying them off.”
Viral image : “COVID ends next Wednesday.”
Scott Walker : Says Mark Neumann = Nancy Pelosi
Dan Patrick : "Everywhere that we have more citizens carrying guns, crime is less. There's a study showing that where states have open carry or concealed carry, but particularly open carry, the crime is down 25 percent."
Facebook posts : Says in February Facebook post that "Britney won."
Jerry Patterson : Says he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention.
Tweets : Quotes Tom Brady as saying, “If anyone on my team kneels, I quit.”
Protect Our Care : Republican "sabotage" cost 3.2 million people coverage in 2017.
Ricardo Lara : As California's Insurance Commissioner, "Steve Poizner pledged to block immigrant children from ever getting MediCal health insurance."
Ed Gillespie : Obamacare "cuts seniors’ Medicare."
Facebook posts : “If you have the Flu… get these two items… Sambucol (and) Oscillococcinum… in 48 hours you will feel better. In 72 hours you will be almost symptom-free.”
Ken Cuccinelli : Since Obamacare became law, "most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs."
Mike Pence : "Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks."
Kim Gray : “Even Fairfax County doesn’t pay the kind of (school administration) salaries that Richmond is paying right now.”
Bloggers : Say “Sam Hyde identified as perpitrator (sic) of Beirut explosion”
National Republican Congressional Committee : "The federal government borrows $4 billion every day."
AFSCME : "Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes" and is a "deadbeat citizen."
Bob Goodlatte : "It’s highly unusual to have a Supreme Court confirmation in a presidential election year. The last one was 1940."
Bloggers : "Barron Trump was born in March 2006 and Melania wasn’t a legal citizen until July 2006. So under this executive order, his own son wouldn’t be an American citizen."
Tim Kaine : Virginia was named "best managed state, best state for business and best state to raise a child" while I was governor.
Bloggers : Says “Joe Biden mistakes Idaho for Iowa in visit to Boise fundraiser.”
Christopher Blazejewski : Most tips left at Dunkin’ Donuts don’t go to employees.
John McCain : "John McCain fought to rein in Fannie and Freddie...but Democrats blocked the reforms."
Carly Fiorina : The United States has a "record number of abortions year after year after year."
Joe Biden : "There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now."
Facebook posts : Says Amy Coney Barrett said that breastfeeding babies is child molestation.
Bill Clinton : Says Hillary Clinton "negotiated the first agreement — ever — where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions."
Bloggers : Wagon arriving at Detroit counting center after deadline “may have been a ballot box.”
Ken Mercer : Challenger Tim Tuggey "is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage."
Viral image : People are handing out masks “doused with chemicals which knocks you out cold” so they can rob you.
Donald Trump : Says the Obama administration "sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London ... only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars."
Occupy Democrats : Texas “ranks 50th in baby wellness checks, ranks 50th in clinical care for infants, ranks 50th in uninsured women, ranks 43rd in maternal mortality, ranks 44th in school funding per child, and ranks 46th in child hunger.”
Scott Brown : Says Jeanne Shaheen has "voted with the president 99 percent of the time."
George Will : During the recession, "the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent."
Vincent Fort : "If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it."
Donald Trump : "For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America."
Viral image : “Kamala Harris is the prosecutor who refused to charge the police in the murder of Oscar Grant!”
Chain email : "Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!"
Evan Longoria : Says his barehanded catch posted on YouTube is real.
David Gregory : "25 percent of our economy is the financial sector."
Jefferson Smith : Says "at the state level we're spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined."
Justin Amash : "In fact, ‘high Crimes and Misdemeanors’ is not defined in the Constitution and does not require corresponding statutory charges. The context implies conduct that violates the public trust—and that view is echoed by the Framers of the Constitution and early American scholars."
Mark O'Mara : "Literally, by the time a child is 18 years of age, they've killed over 100,000 people in video games and other online things."
John Mica : Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.
Jamie Radtke : George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
Susan Latvala : "One of the other inaccuracies ... is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since I’ve been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only."
Maria Bartiromo : "According to the Tax Foundation, the top 10 percent of earners already pay almost 80 percent of all taxes."
Chuck Todd : Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
Occupy Democrats : "House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers."
Katrina vanden Heuvel : "Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans' benefits over these last years."
Barack Obama : Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
Michael Moore : During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
Georgia Department of Transportation : The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties "is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide."
Facebook posts : Says Benjamin Netanyahu gave a speech to Hamas leaders thanking them for uniting Israel.
Ana Navarro : "A lot of what (Cuba’s) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up."
Viral image : Says Sean Connery wrote a letter to Steve Jobs refusing to be an Apple spokesman.
Other Space : "By declaring that Pluto was no longer a planet, the (International Astronomical Union) put into place a planetary definition that would have even declassified Earth as a planet if it existed as far from the sun as Pluto does."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower."
Jeff Atwater : "Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees."
Hillary Clinton : "One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays."
John Kasich : "We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis."
Jim Steineke : Gov. Tony Evers “has the authority and revenue necessary” to upgrade the Wisconsin unemployment system without the Legislature.
Letitia James : "The enumeration clause speaks to the count of every individual, and not just Americans, not just citizens."
Daniel Llanes : "78702 is the second-most gentrified ZIP code in the entire country."
Donald Trump : The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill "funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix."
Facebook posts : “Milwaukee Elections Chief Lost Elections Flash Drive in Morning Hours of November 4th When Democrats Miraculously Found 120,000 Votes for Joe Biden.”
Brigid Shea : Says Lee Leffingwell "raised property taxes 20 percent in three years."
Katrina Shankland : "Faced with $1 million in campaign debt," Scott Walker "is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers."
Val Demings : “All of the aid has not arrived” to Ukraine.
Paul Junge : Says Rep. Elissa Slotkin “voted against condemning cyber attacks by the Chinese Communist Party on American organizations developing COVID-19 treatments.”
Facebook posts : Says the nation is locked down and there’s “a wide open border.”
Liberty Institute : "An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child."
Progressive Change Campaign Committee : Under Gov. Scott Walker’s proposals, "Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations. "
Morgan Griffith : "From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent."
Julián Castro : Says President Donald Trump’s fiscal year 2020 budget "slashes investments in health care to pay for tax cuts to billionaires."
Viral image : “Chick-fil-A now open Sunday (Blacks only).”
Facebook posts : Quotes show Democrats supported riots “when BLM was BURNING down cities and killing people in the streets!”
Peter DeFazio : Art Robinson says "Social Security should be ended through attrition."
Bloggers : Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators "voted to censor the internet."
Viral image : Says Fox News "posts a fake picture to show soldiers excited to see Trump in Afghanistan….forgets to take out the Universal Studios sign in the background."
Scott Walker : Since I took office, "Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary."
Richard Codey : "Every president has raised the debt ceiling."
North Carolina Republican Party : Says replacing NC Supreme Court Chief Justice with most experienced justice is a "longstanding, nonpartisan tradition."
John Chiang : Antonio Villaraigosa's "recklessness (as mayor of Los Angeles)  ... left no funding to test 7,000 rape kits, putting public safety at risk."
Dale Kooyenga : "Today, it is more difficult to enlist in the U.S. military than it is to enroll in college."
Michael Eric Dyson : "Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster care and lost tax revenue in 2010 alone."
Marco Rubio : "We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law."
"Pete Sessions : ""Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free
enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been
added."""
Donald Trump : “68% error rate in Michigan Voting Machines. Should be, by law, a tiny percentage of one percent.”
Jake Tapper : Israel in the last three weeks has "killed more Palestinian children, more than 200, than the total number of Israeli soldiers killed in military operations since 2006."
Viral image : Says an image shows a paralyzed groom being held up by his groomsmen so he could kiss his bride.
Elizabeth Warren : "Prison phone companies charge as much as $25 for a 15-minute call."
Chris Christie : Says "a Republican hasn't won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988."
Terry McAuliffe : "In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908."
Huey Rey Fischer : "There isn’t a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas."
Fact Check Florida : A $10 million fire fee proposal in St. Petersburg was "inspired" by Gov. Rick Scott.
Donald Trump Jr. : “Joe Biden wants to raise taxes on 82% of all Americans.”
Newt Gingrich : Says President Barack Obama "has an Environmental Protection Agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by 25 cents a gallon."
Jon Stewart : "Who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers? … Fox viewers, consistently, every poll."
Tom Perriello : "Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill that’s raised your electric rates seven times."
National Republican Congressional Committee : "Since President Obama took full control of Washington … every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost."
Viral image : "You will be 'vaccinated' regardless of whether you receive the shot or not.”
Louie Gohmert : "Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States."
Virginia Education Association : State "school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation."
John McCain : After Reagan took office, "we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."
Donald Trump : “Human trafficking and drugs” at the Mexico border have “doubled, tripled and quadrupled” since Joe Biden became president.
Bloggers : "Couple Arrested For Selling ‘Golden Tickets To Heaven."
Bill Weimer : "Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year."
Scott Brown : The stimulus bill "didn’t create one new job."
Joe Biden : "I’ve released 22 years of my tax returns. You can go online and look. (Donald Trump) hasn’t released one.”
Steve Southerland : "92 percent" of President Barack Obama's administration has "never worked outside government."
Kamala Harris : The Biden administration’s American Jobs Plan will be “the biggest non-defense investment in research and development in the history of our country.”
Ending Spending Action Fund : Says Sen. Jeanne Shaheen’s "wealth has surged while in public office."
Hillary Clinton : "The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it."
Facebook posts : “Mississippi got 10,145 warrants for unemployment fraud!!”
Donald Trump : "The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify."
Donald Trump : The Graham-Cassidy health care bill does "include coverage of pre-existing conditions."
Bill Foster : Says that while Foster was mayor, Rick Kriseman was "ineffective" in the Florida House of Representatives because "there was no legislation that passed the House that had (Kriseman’s) name on it."
Facebook posts : Says Facebook is removing the share button from "Pro-Trump posts."
Juan Williams : North Korea's history of international negotiations shows "they'll take the concessions, they'll keep them in their pocket and then they won't deliver."
Karen Handel : GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal "is a former Clinton Democrat."
Laurie Monnes Anderson : "In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law."
Donald Trump : "Fact: Joe Biden pressured Ukraine to fire its prosecutor .... Fact: the prosecutor said he was forced out for leading a corruption probe into Hunter Biden's company. Fact: Democrats want to impeach President Trump for discussing this investigation with Ukraine's President."
Barbara Buono : "To hear Gov. Christie tell it, everything in New Jersey is going just fine. Well I see another New Jersey with 400,000 unemployed. One of the worst jobless rates in the country. Working and middle class families have seen costs soar, from property taxes to college tuition."
American Crossroads : Says Bill Nelson "cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here."
Instagram posts : Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer “has just been stripped of her emergency coronavirus powers by her state legislature.”
Future45 : Banks paid Hillary Clinton "over $1 million and are contributing millions more to elect her."
Viral image : In this photo, “Man uses a gun to rob a Texas convenience store. Man was shot by every customer inside the store”
Harry Reid : "We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is."
Susan Stimpson : Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is "allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools."
Facebook posts : Says the word newspaper stands for "north, east, west, south, past and present event report."
Facebook posts : Says Sen. Kamala Harris said Democrats are "coming for" Trump supporters if they win the White House in 2020.
Joaquin Castro : "Most people in my home state of Texas disagree with the president building a wall across our border."
Bloggers : Quotes incoming U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as saying "under capitalism, man oppresses man. Under socialism, it’s the other way around."
Viral image : A long list shows “new CDC guidelines for reopening schools.”
Bob McDonnell : Virginia ranked 35th in job creation in 2009 under Gov. Tim Kaine, and moved up to third for 2010, while McDonnell has been in office.
Sebastian Gorka : Says Jake Tapper said Allahu Akbar was a "beautiful phrase" after a terrorist attack in New York.
Bill Clinton : "Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence."
Alfonso Lopez : Ronald Reagan "banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban."
John Boehner : The Bush tax cuts "created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. We've lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession."
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee : Says Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst "would privatize Social Security."
Barack Obama : "The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have."
Ted Lieu : "The chances of being killed by a refugee committing a terrorist act is 1 in 3.6 billion."
Paul Broun : "While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that."
Raul Torres : Says he would be first CPA to serve as Texas comptroller.
Jack Bogdanski : Says "in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union."
Americans For Tax Reform : Says Obama sent $450 million to China to build a wind farm in Texas.
Rick Scott : Says Joe Biden and Democrats “have done absolutely nothing to help families struggling to keep up with inflation.”
Frank Wolf : "In 1950, the average American lived for 68 years and 16 workers supported one retiree. Today, the average life expectancy is 78 and three workers support one retiree."
Matthew Dowd : "Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it."
Paul Krugman : A recent report from the president's deficit commission was "completely empty" on controlling health care costs.
Viral image : Says ATF chief nominee David Chipman was part of the 1993 assault on the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas.
Chris Christie : Says New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending.
Rick Santorum : The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person … "it's 30 percent today."
Mitt Romney : "Only one president has ever cut Medicare for seniors in this country . . . Barack Obama."
Credo Action : The Obama administration is "proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obama's Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030."
Rick Perry : Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: "These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations."
Chain email : "Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga."
Ann Coulter : A friend’s sister "died from Obamacare" because Blue Shield "completely just pulled out of California."
Facebook posts : Congress created “a generous mortgage relief program” for veterans.
Hillary Clinton : ISIS is "going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists."
Facebook posts : Protest video shows “resistance” to “President Macron’s plan for mandatory COVID vaccinations of all French citizens.”
Jimmy Carter : The Southern Baptist Convention voted 13 years ago "that women were inferior and had to be subservient to their husbands."
Sherrod Brown : "Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : Says Donald Trump used farmers’ struggles “to push through a multi-billion dollar bailout program that was nothing more than a handout for large agricultural companies."
Bernie Sanders : "Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth."
Mark Warner : Ed Gillespie’s "firm even lobbied for five foreign governments, including a dictator now awaiting trial for war crimes."
Mitt Romney : The federal health care law tells "the American people precisely what type of coverage they have to have."
NH AFL-CIO : Says Maggie Hassan is the only female governor in the country.
Andrea Mitchell : In Ferguson, Mo., "you've got three black officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American."
Paul Ryan : Under the current procedure, if someone "on a terror watch list" tries to buy a gun, authorities are notified.
Rick Perry : "More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day."
Sharron Angle : "Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. He's done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now we're at 14 percent. He's done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. He's done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation."
Facebook posts : Says Ron Johnson and 36 other senators “voted for federal agencies to have access to your internet history without obtaining a warrant.”
Sensible Transportation Solutions for Austin PAC : Says Austin Mayor Steve Adler’s transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove "27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city," replacing "them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles" and buses.
Republican National Committee : Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
Diamond and Silk : It was “the left” that “finally” made Juneteenth a national holiday.
Donald Trump : "Mostly Democrat states refused to hand over data" that could show election fraud.
Bloggers : Says Sen. Chuck Schumer in 2014 "helped put together and signed a $25 billion deal to fund a border wall" and now opposes Trump's $5 billion request for a border wall "just because he's a Republican." ​
Ron Johnson : Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
Facebook posts : Starting in March if you travel outside of the United States you won’t be allowed back in the country “due to high risk of the coronavirus.”
Matt Flynn : "Foxconn will not face oversight from any federal, state, or local agency to guarantee it complies with our wetlands protection laws."
Reader : Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
Facebook posts : “Facebook is creating these #firstborn and #secondborn challenges so the IRS can confirm who y’all claiming on them taxes as dependents.”
Donald Trump : "They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in '06. And they couldn't get environmental impact statements."
Bernie Sanders : "The Trans-Pacific trade deal could cost America 448,000 more jobs."
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee : Says Dean Heller "broke that promise" to protect expanded Medicaid.
Donald Trump : With North Korea, "nobody has ever seen such a positive response on our behalf from China."
Donald Trump : "122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield."
Claire McCaskill : "Nonpartisan experts have consistently ranked Claire one of the most independent senators — right in the middle."
Bloggers : That Donald Trump said in 1998 if he were to run for president he would run as a Republican because "They’re the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on Fox News. I could lie and they’d still eat it up. I bet my numbers would be terrific."
Bloggers : Say Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof was raped and beaten in prison.
Mary Burke : New Glarus Brewing Co.’s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
Sheila Oliver : "In 1958, there were 16 states in this country that prohibited -- prohibited -- an African-American and a Caucasian from being married."
Matthew Dowd : Says Pope Francis "took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims."
Newt Gingrich : In a watershed 1958 decision, "the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress."
Chris Sununu : Says crime is ‘rising’ in Manchester and has gone up 19 percent under Mayor Ted Gatsas.
Facebook posts : “KXL Radio in Portland reported today that Firefighters are now being shot at by suspected Antifa and BLM members.”
Joe Biden : "There's not one Democrat who endorses" the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
David Cicilline : Enacting the Right-to-Carry Act would amount to "expanding the rights of sex offenders, terrorists, child predators, and abusers to carry concealed weapons across state lines.’’
Donald Trump : Says "96 percent of (Google News) results on ‘Trump News’ are from National Left-Wing Media."
Facebook posts : “This is all about a certificate of vaccination where they get you a national ID, and then the AI can track you.”
Stephen Colbert : Says Ronald Reagan "reversed his world’s ‘largest tax cut’ and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations."
Marco Rubio : Says "Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika."
Ted Budd : Says if the AHCA replaces Obamacare it will "significantly reduce insurance premiums in" North Carolina.
Sid Miller : Image shows U.S. National Guard Sgt. Leigh Ann Hester.
Facebook posts : Says police are warning that a new technique by gangs is to throw eggs at your windshield and to not "operate the wiper" because it will "block your vision up to 92.5%," forcing you to stop the car and become a victim.
Patrick Morrisey : Sen. Joe Manchin "stands with Hillary Clinton and D.C. Dems on gun control, higher taxes, amnesty, and Planned Parenthood."
Joe Biden : “Ten thousand people have recently died. 9,950 of them, thereabouts, are people who hadn’t been vaccinated."
Michele Bachmann : "My husband and I have never gotten a penny of money from the farm."
Citizens for Lower Taxes and a Stronger Economy : St. Pete Beach's local version of Amendment 4 resulted in "seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the city's legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate."
Facebook posts : Diesel prices jumped from $1.69 to $3.19 since Biden took office, and the president is to blame.
Bloggers : Every single candidate President Obama campaigned for lost in the midterms.
Minka Kelly : "By the time you drink your coffee, an elephant is killed for its ivory tusks."
Facebook posts : An episode of “The Simpsons” showed Donald Trump in a coffin.
Marco Rubio : "We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that."
Mike Adams : Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
Sarah Palin : Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to "skyrocket."
Joaquin Castro : "@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN."
Donald Trump : "A poll just came out on my inauguration speech. … People loved it. Loved and liked."
National Right to Life Committee : The Obama White House recognizes a "baby that has not been born" for security purposes.
The Other 98% : Thirteen Democratic senators "voted against cheaper medicines" and took millions from "big pharma since 2011."
Roy Moore : "There are communities under Sharia law right now in our country. Up in Illinois. ... There’s Sharia law, as I understand it, in Illinois, Indiana -- up there. I don't know."
Donald Trump : “Phony” ballots “were printed without my name on it.”
Facebook posts : Kamala Harris’ husband said, “I am married to the next president of the United States.”
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : “34% of Wisconsin renters are at risk of eviction.”
Ron Paul : "170,000 of the jobs" created in Texas under Gov. Rick Perry "were government jobs."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Rep. Robert Hurt voted again today to end Medicare and raise health care costs for Virginia seniors."
Donald Trump : “Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH” by adding a fact-check label to Trump’s tweet.
Hillary Clinton : Between 27,000 and 200,000 Wisconsinites were "turned away" from the polls in 2016 due to lack of proper identification.
Alex Wan : "The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities."
Wisconsin Assembly Republicans : In-state tuition available "for non-U.S. citizens after three years … veterans have to wait five years."
Bloggers : "White House ‘Resistance’ mole a fake – NY Times admits they were trolled"
Marsha Blackburn : Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting "without consultation or input from the company" to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
Facebook posts : “Michigan prosecutor looks to release 90 convicted murderers serving life sentences.”
Cokie Roberts : Forty percent of gross domestic product "is state, local, or federal money."
Lloyd Doggett : Says that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61.
Reince Priebus : According to the Congressional Budget Office, "as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare."
Facebook posts : “NYT is correcting their lies..Trump paid $1M in 2016 & $3.8M in 2017-18..THEY LIED..AGAIN. INFO ON TWITTER THIS AM.”
Mitt Romney : "Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto."
Donald Trump : Says Barack Obama "is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth."
John Kelly : At a 2015 dedication of an FBI building in Florida, Rep. Frederica Wilson "stood up there ... and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building, and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money, and she just called up President Obama, and on that phone call he gave the money -- the $20 million -- to build the building. And she sat down."
James Tedisco : After the minimum wage for tipped workers was raised in Maine, the state "reversed that decision due to restaurant employees organizing en masse against the measure."
Donald Trump : There was "serious voter fraud" in California.
Steve Lonegan : "I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years."
Musclecarusa.info : "World’s most popular candy to be removed from shelves by December 2017."
Barack Obama : Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
Motion Picture Association of America : The film and TV industry supports more than 24,000 direct jobs and pays local workers more than $1.68 billion in wages in Georgia.
Michele Bachmann : The federal government "now tells us which light bulbs to buy."
George Allen : Takes credit for "substantially reducing the size of the state workforce."
Jon Kyl : Abortion services are "well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does."
Republican Party of Florida : "Out of 860 bills (Sen. Bill Nelson has) introduced in Congress, only 10 have passed."
Viral image : A scarecrow discovered on a Texas ranch was actually a human skeleton.
Facebook posts : “Six months before the COVID ‘plandemic,’ Bill Gates had negotiated a $100 billion contact tracing deal with (the) Democratic congressman sponsor of bill.”
Newt Gingrich : One estimate says there may be "three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia."
Occupy Democrats : Says Hillary Clinton "has donated every cent she's ever earned from speaking fees to charity."
Donald Trump Jr. : Says Hillary Clinton is proposing "destroying Medicare for seniors."
Uniting Missouri PAC : Says Nicole Galloway's campaign “is being bankrolled by the same extremists who want to defund our police."
Facebook posts : The movie “I am Legend” was based in the year 2021 and people turned into zombies “because of the wrong vaccine.”
Ivanka Trump : "40 percent of American households have female primary breadwinners."
Jennifer Granholm : "I cut more as a percentage out of government than any state in the country this past decade. And where is Michigan in terms of its economic growth? Cutting did not result in economic growth."
Jackie Dingfelder : Says, "I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5."
Donald Trump : "Many countries (in NATO) owe us a tremendous amount of money for many years back, where they’re delinquent, as far as I’m concerned, because the United States has had to pay for them."
Joe Lieberman : Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
Thomas Garrett Jr. : "A (state) trooper with 10 years on the force is getting $500 a year more than a trooper with 10 minutes on the force."
Joe Biden : "Why should you get a break for racehorses and not get a break for child care?"
Republican Governors Association : Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been "fighting hard" to let illegal immigrants vote.
Frank Caprio : Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the state's pension portfolio "have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump once suggested that he "would try to negotiate down the national debt."
Jason Chaffetz : "We had people that were getting killed (in Benghazi), we had people who are willing to risk their lives to go save them, and somebody told them to stand down."
Bernie Sanders : "One out of four corporations doesn't pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes."
Virginia Foxx : "There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there aren’t enough qualified applicants to fill them."
Charlie Gonzalez : Says that Mitt Romney, while he was in Arizona, said he believes the state’s SB 1070 immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws.
Viral image : “The first Statue of Liberty given to the U.S. by France was a Black woman which the U.S. rejected.”
John Lee : Says "Clackamas County has more urban renewal debt than all the other Oregon counties combined."
Chris Van Hollen : Between 2000 and 2006,  "health insurance company profits quadrupled."
Mitt Romney : "No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion)."
Donald Trump : “The recent statement by Chris Krebs on the security of the 2020 Election was highly inaccurate, in that there were massive improprieties and fraud."
Facebook posts : The death of George Floyd was a "staged event."
Lincoln Chafee : Rhode Island's legislature is "the strongest in the country."
Joaquin Castro : Says "Donald Trump has defended" World War II internment camps.
David Cicilline : He has "ushered in $3 billion in new investment."
Bill Clinton : "The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of state's office than when she took it."
Bill Nelson : "The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop."
Eric Cantor : "For every dollar (in the stimulus package) that is spent to help small businesses, $4 is being spent to help upkeep the grass on the lawns of Washington."
Facebook posts : Says there’s an 800 number you can call to track the status of your stimulus check.
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump will be re-inaugurated as president on March 4, 2021.
Eddie Lucio, Jr. : "A miscarriage is considered an abortion."
Kayleigh McEnany : “No tear gas was used and no rubber bullets were used.”
Rand Paul : "Income inequality is worse in towns run by Democrat mayors than in towns run by Republican mayors."
George Nee : "This is the first time in our state, and one of the first times in the country, where benefit reductions . . . has happened to people who are retired."
Bike Austin : "Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austin’s streets."
Mark Harris : Says Glenn Grothman pushed through state tax credits that when phased in, "someone that owns a factory that produces millions in income" will pay "less tax than their nephew would if he worked full time at Taco Bell for minimum wage."
Erin Lynch : "The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old."
Michele Bachmann : Says Newt Gingrich "has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal."
E. Gordon Gee : In public approval, "the press is rated right now below that of Congress, and that is very low; it’s in the single digits."
Tim Ryan : "Seventy to 80 percent of NRA members support a universal background check."
Jeff Greene : Kendrick Meek was "#1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for children's health care."
Bloggers : "Barron Trump Rushed To The Hospital, Hospital Releases Statement On His Condition"
Duane Hall : North Carolina’s coast "is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm."
Barack Obama : "Mitt Romney's companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries."
Gun Free UT Gun Free UT : "29 mass shootings have been committed by concealed carriers since 2007, while during this period only one (1) licensed civilian meaningfully intervened in a mass shooting."
Viral image : Exxon sign says drivers “must show proof of a job for gas purchase.”
Republican Governors Association : "(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs."
Caleb Rowden : Democrat Stephen Webber "voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches."
Barack Obama : "McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote."
Gina Raimondo : "Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs."
David Dewhurst : "We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more."
Gwen Moore : Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker eliminated "cancer screenings for uninsured women" and offered "no alternatives."
Sandy Pasch : State Sen. Alberta Darling "voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending" while cutting programs such as education and health care
Democratic National Committee : Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
Senate Democrats : "El precio de combustible ha aumentado un 25% este año" / "The price of gas has increased 25% this year."
Tony Evers : “Regulating and taxing marijuana—much like we do alcohol—would generate more than $165M in revenue starting in 2022”
Bloggers : "Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse."
Michael Skolnik : "For most black people in the history of this country … it was illegal to pass as a white person. You were actually put in jail if you tried to pass."
Bernie Sanders : "Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled."
Bloggers : That Kurt Russell said President Donald Trump is "relentless," "dedicated," "determined" and "courageous" and "stands there in the face of pure evil, rock solid & ready to fight for us. God bless this brave man."
Karl Rove : Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN.
Wayne Smith : "Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem."
Facebook posts : More than 500,000 mail in ballots in Virginia and 200,000 in Nevada were sent to dead people or pets
Instagram posts : A member of Joe Biden’s COVID-19 task force recommends “withholding food stamps and rent assistance from those who refuse coronavirus vaccines.”
Facebook posts : "The missiles that were launched at American forces in Iraq from Iran, were funded by Barack Obama, with American tax dollars."
Pat Carlson : "In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education."
Kellyanne Conway : "Here's the fact: The No. 1 source of income into Mexico are Mexicans working here and sending the money back."
Chain email : "Obama Signs Bill Forgiving All Student Loan Debt."
Hillary Clinton : "That's legal: If you find out about somebody else's salary even if you're doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places."
Chris Larson : Says the April 22 jump in COVID-19 cases was related to the election.
Ron Johnson : "In the ‘40s, 68 cents of every health care dollar was actually paid for by the patient, today it’s only 11 cents."
Mark Sharpe : "Mark Sharpe has lowered property taxes by 17 percent."
Multnomah County : Says "Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar."
Michael O'Neill : "There’s no data that says a gun-free zone has saved lives."
Rick Scott : Rick Scott says he supported in-state tuition for Dreamers while Charlie Crist was against it.
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renacci’s Republican majority."
Ted Cruz : Says Facebook shut down a "Chick-Fil-A Appreciation Day."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, "we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year."
Barack Obama : "I lowered taxes over the last two years."
Bonnie Reiss : "When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in California’s history."
Dan Patrick : Says after the shooting in El Paso, "on Sunday, everyone was going to church in America, praying about this, and the next day when their kids went to school, they weren’t allowed to pray or bring it up."
Nancy McFarlane : Says she debated her opponent "multiple times."
Anne Nolan : "In Rhode Island, a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more, Medicaid costs averaged about $60,000 per person."
Jeb Bush : Hispanic students in Florida perform "the best" of any Hispanic population in the United States.
State Tea Party Express : "In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector."
Viral image : "JFK Jr was declared the frontrunner for the NY Senate seat in 1999. Days later his plane crashed, making Hillary Clinton the newly elected senator."
Allen Frances : "Trump is as destructive a person in this century as Hitler, Stalin, and Mao were in the last century. He may be responsible for many more million deaths than they were."
Chelsea Clinton : Says Bernie Sanders’ health care plan would "empower Republican governors to take away Medicaid, to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans."
Rick Perry : "In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools."
John McCain : "About 30 percent" of those released from Guantanamo "have re-entered the fight."
Ted Cruz : Hillary Clinton "supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding."
Johnny Isakson : If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
Facebook posts : Say Nancy Pelosi’s net worth is $196,299,990.
Elizabeth Warren : Speaking of the financial crisis that gained traction in 2007, "I talked about it to anyone who would listen, a crisis is coming."
Martin O'Malley : "When President Obama was running for re-election … Senator Sanders was trying to find someone to primary him."
Jim Kenney : My administration is "well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise."
Al Gore : "70 percent of Florida is in drought today."
Charlie Crist : "The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month."
Michael Moore : "Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined."
Lynn Westmoreland : The federal government regulates the holes in Swiss cheese.
Jon Kyl : The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes "millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."
Peter Roskam : "The past (Obama) administration was the first administration that never had a whole year of 3 percent growth."
Michael Riley : "When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon."
Facebook posts : Says Melania Trump’s dress at Mount Rushmore speech was designed from “drawings of several young victims of sex trafficking.”
Scott Walker : More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, "I took a higher percentage of the Republican vote"and "yet I also carried independents by 12 points."
Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund : Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
Lizzie Pannill Fletcher : Says "Texas U.S. Rep John Culberson voted to let insurance companies charge people 50 and over five times more than younger people."
Chris Christie : Says the Obama administration invited "Russia into Syria."
Donald Trump : "The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife."
Eugene Sepulveda : Austin mayoral candidate "Mike Martinez takes corporate money."
Bob McDonnell : Says his transportation plan "would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline."
Dan Patrick : Says a new law adopted in Texas means property tax bills “are no longer really dependent on your values, it is on (local government) revenue growth.”
Jean Schmidt : "For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion."
Lynne Derbyshire : "If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked" in New York City.
Daniel Senor : Japan's "interest on its own debt" is "25 percent of its national budget"
Lee Leffingwell : Says nearly 1 million people are "coming to town" in the next 20 years.
Barack Obama : "She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV."
Russ Feingold : Says Ron Johnson "helped companies ship jobs overseas."
Donald Trump : Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers "are worse now than just about ever" for African-Americans.
Doug Jones : Says Tommy Tuberville "quit on his players" all four times that he was a college football coach.
Ron Christie : "After the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax rate cuts ... there was more money coming into the treasury."
Rod Monroe : "We have the lowest beer tax in the nation."
Jon Stewart : The American slave trade caused 5 million deaths "or more."
Jeff Fitzgerald : "In 2009, Jim Doyle and the Democrats rushed through a budget repair bill with billions in tax increases and held no public hearings."
Frank Wolf : Says the Congressional Budget Office has estimated "every penny of the federal budget will go to interest on the debt and entitlement spending by 2025."
Glenn Grothman : Says "Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come" to the United States.
Ertharin Cousin : "One extra year of schooling for girls reduces infant mortality rates among their children by up to 10 percent."
Viral image : Photo shows “huge charter busses” Black Lives Matter bought “to transport members to riots.”
Paul Workman : Says it’s documented that City of Austin fees for building an apartment complex are nearly 10 times what Dallas levies.
Brian Anderson : "Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida."
Mike Pence : Says Hillary Clinton "wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."
Facebook posts : “James Comey has 50 counts of TREASON. And John Brennan has 48 counts of TREASON.”
Steve Adler : Austin was the "site of the first mass shooting in the country."
Jerry Brown : The uninsured rate in California reached "a historic low of 7.4 percent in 2016."
Rick Santorum : Florida's economy "became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008."
Roy Blunt : "Democrats have failed to answer the most basic question of how they want to pay for the more than $1 trillion of health care spending."
Donald Trump : Says before he planned a rally on June 19 “nobody had ever heard of” Juneteenth.
Amanda Fritz : Says that "In 2009, I saved ratepayers around $500 million by persuading the Council to pursue a less expensive compliance mechanism if the City is required to treat Bull Run drinking water."
Instagram posts : “15 days left to vote BUT if you are voting by mail, you need to vote TODAY. USPS says it needs a 14 day roundtrip to be counted on election day.”
Facebook posts : The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, "A strong American Government is not good for us."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi “won’t let Capitol police testify about what happened Jan. 6.”
David McKinley : "Nearly 800 million opioid pills were shipped to WV, amounting to 433 pills for every man, woman, and child in the state.”
Jon Huntsman : Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that "cut income taxes by 30 percent."
Facebook posts : A bodyguard of a high-ranking Democrat in Congress fired the shot that killed Ashli Babbitt on Jan. 6.
Donald Trump : Says a YouTube video shows Thomas DiMassimo, the man who rushed Trump at an Ohio rally, "dragging the American flag on the ground like it was a piece of garbage."
Joe Scarborough : Americans "bought into climate change" in 2004-06, but then most "began wandering away from this issue."
Facebook posts : Says Marjorie Taylor Greene said, “People are dying who have never died before.”
Bob McDonnell : "The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10. The federal debt is now over $100,000 per household."
JB Pritzker : Says taxing more services, taxing retirement income and increasing the flat-rate income tax would "fall disproportionately on the working poor and the middle class."
Joe Biden : "If we kept (the minimum wage) indexed to inflation, people would be making $20 an hour right now.”
Ann Coulter : The Trump administration has granted amnesty to "nearly 100,000 'Dreamers' "
Facebook posts : "21% of 140,000 ballots were found to be in error in GA.”
Rick Scott : "Charlie Crist allowed college tuition to increase up to 15 percent every year."
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : "70 percent of Americans believe in improved and expanded Medicare for All."
Gerald Daugherty : Says he’s "taken an 8% pay decrease in each of the nine years he has been in office."
Cheri Toalson Reisch : "We have an unemployment (rate of) 1.5 in Boone County, and we can’t find enough workers."
Mike Gallagher : "We’re spending 18 percent of our GDP on healthcare while the average among industrialized countries is closer to 8 percent."
Republican National Committee : "Crime is escalating to a level we haven’t seen in decades as a direct result of Democrats’ defund the police movement and Biden-Harris open-border policies."
Winning Our Future : "Romneycare sent costs spiraling out of control" in Massachusetts, "hiking premiums, squeezing household budgets."
Greg Casar : Says one year ago, "no cities in the South had guaranteed paid sick days."
Rudy Giuliani : "This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan."
Mike Bost : Says Brendan Kelly "allowed half of the criminals he faced to walk free" and "failed to protect women who were violently assaulted," allowing "those guilty of sexual assault to cut inexcusable plea deals."
John Oliver : "With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely."
Barack Obama : "Veterans’ unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office."
Chris Dudley : "Under Gov. Kitzhaber, unemployment rose 65 percent, state spending went up 57 percent and personal incomes declined compared to the rest of the country."
Rebecca Holcombe : "Gov. Scott is pushing for a statewide voucher program that would take millions from our public schools and funnel it to private schools that mostly serve privileged families."
E.W. Jackson : "In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth."
David Perdue : Dollar General "added 2,500 stores and 20,000 jobs" during his four-year tenure as CEO.
James Carville : Alex Sink was "the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."
Facebook posts : During the 1918 flu pandemic, San Francisco residents formed the “Anti-Mask League.” San Francisco “was ultimately one of the cities that suffered the most with a high death rate.”
Kasim Reed : While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
Nathan Deal : Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the state’s rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
Debbie Stabenow : A government shutdown "could disrupt ... veterans' benefits."
Floridians for Ethics and Truth in Politics : Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
Donald Trump : The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he "renegotiated it down to two hours."
Nathan Deal : "Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues."
Viral image : Says Werner Herzog said, "Dear America: You are waking up, as Germany once did, to the awareness that 1/3 of your people would kill another 1/3, while 1/3 watches."
Viral image : Says George Patton said, “Politicians are the lowest form of life on earth. Liberal Democrats are the lower form of politicians.”
Facebook posts : Wearing masks for the coronavirus “decreases oxygen intake, increases toxin inhalation, shuts down immune system, increases virus risk, scientifically inaccurate, effectiveness not studied.”
Jerry Brown : California’s budget surplus is about "$30 billion"
Wayne LaPierre : "By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten."
Donald Trump : "No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days."
Paul Krugman : The Bush administration "pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded."
Hillary Clinton : "I was gone" when there was a red line against Syria.
Scott Walker : Says critics who say he cut Medicaid are wrong; his budget added $1.2 billion to the program
Turning Point USA : "San Francisco has spent $72.5 million this fiscal year cleaning up human waste and drug paraphernalia" and "there are more drug users on their public needle program than high school graduates."
Upendra Chivukula : "One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks."
Barack Obama : In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
Joseph Crowley : "More than 20 million people are at risk of dying from starvation within 6 months in 4 nations."
Facebook posts : "If your employer is mandating any pokes, do not quit. Make them fire you. That way you get unemployment benefits."
Bob Donovan : "There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city."
Viral image : A photograph shows KKK members marching at the 1924 Democratic National Convention.
Paul Sarlo : "The state's unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states."
Bloggers : Says Keanu Reeves said, "For me, Trump is the symbol of a successful man and a role model for every young American, something that our nation was looking for for year. I don’t think that America will again have a leader like him."
Bernie Sanders : Under the compromise tax agreement, "99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax."
Don Gaetz : The medical marijuana ballot initiative "doesn’t require a physician writing a prescription" and can be for conditions like "having a back that needs to be scratched."
Donna Nesselbush : "In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs."
Tim Kaine : Florida retirees and families "lost tens of thousands of dollars" in deposits on failed Trump condo projects, but he "pocketed their money and walked away."
Facebook posts : Says “Joe & Jill Biden’s income went from $396,456 in 2016, to $16,596,979 in 2017-2019. Anyone else want to know where that money is coming from?”
Bloggers : If you know someone's name and date of birth you can change their votes on Oregon’s voting website.
Charles Schumer : Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, "the stock market lost 2,000 points."
Mark Born : “Before the pandemic, just over 40,000 were on continuing UI claims. Now, there are well over 100,000 on state or federal UI benefits.”
Bloggers : "Republicans vote to make it legal nationwide to ban gays and lesbians from adopting."
David Cicilline : "While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years."
Hogan Gidley : President Donald Trump “can’t say anything (about the U.S. Capitol riot) because the platforms have removed him.”
Tommy Thompson : Says that as Wisconsin governor, "we ended welfare."
Roger Williams : Says Barack Obama is a socialist.
YourNewsWire.com : "CNN to permanently close its doors as ratings plunge 30 percent."
Jim Lampley : The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is "larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries."
The Tax Foundation : "Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined."
National Republican Congressional Committee : U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall (D-Ga.) refuses to return $37,000 in "dirty" campaign contributions from U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.)
Dustin Inman Society : U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham says South Carolina "has a labor shortage and wants more immigration."
Ann Coulter : "One of the first states in the union to pass a voter ID bill was Rhode Island, 85 percent Democratic legislature."
Florida Democratic Party : "X marks the spot at every HCA location where (Gov. Rick Scott) probably defrauded taxpayers."
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : Wisconsin’s laws "ranked the worst in the world for mining investment."
Rick Scott : "3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor."
Facebook posts : Says the CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against coronavirus.
Mitch McConnell : Says Hillary Clinton "lied about why her parents named her Hillary."
Frederica Wilson : "We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down."
End Citizens United : Says U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin voted to "force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs."
Robin Vos : "Minnesota, Michigan, Iowa already have 70 mph" speed limits on rural interstates, and "we see that they’ve been able to do it safely."
Viral image : Says Mayor Muriel Bowser “ordered all hotels, restaurants, grocery stores, gas stations, and convenience stores to close Jan. 4, 5 and 6 to discourage Trump supporters from gathering in D.C.”
Bloggers : "BREAKING: Trump family donates $1 billion to wall fund."
Quentin Fulks : Says California has a top income tax rate of 13.3% “and people aren’t leaving.”
Cecilia Muñoz : "Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception."
Joe Barton : Says U.S. greenhouse gas "emissions are at 20-year lows."
Michael Medved : "More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings."
Crossroads GPS : President Obama has "added $4 billion in debt every day."
Donald Trump : "Last month, we saw a 64 percent reduction in illegal immigration on our southern border."
Facebook posts : Says "there is no" COVID-19 virus.
Goldie Taylor : "Our national debt is as low as it has been since World War II."
Mary Norwood : "Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country.”
Allen Buckley : "U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!"
Donald Trump : COVID-19 cases are “up only because of our big number testing.”
Lynn Westmoreland : "There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive."
Ian Lang : "Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country."
MoveOn.org : "McCain opposes a woman's right to choose."
David Axelrod : "Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district."
Thom Tillis : “One of (Joe Biden’s) first acts in office was sending an immigration bill to Congress to grant mass amnesty to illegal immigrants.”
Rick Perry : "We had a press conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered."
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals : People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
Ted Cruz : "We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977."
Barack Obama : Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
Mike Pence : Says Donald Trump "hasn’t broken his promise" to release his tax returns.
David Simas : Job growth in the United States is now at the "fastest pace in this country's history."
Bill Haslam : "Personal income is growing faster in Tennessee on average than any other state in the country."
Jay Hottinger : Says Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has "the lowest threshold in the nation."
Chris Christie : "Not one tax has been raised since I've been governor."
J.D. Alexander : "It takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life."
Americans for Prosperity Georgia chapter : "Obamacare will mean 2.1 million fewer jobs by 2021."
Beto O'Rourke : "Disparities in infant mortality between white America and black America (are) greater today, in 2019,  than in the year 1850..."
George Allen : The cost of a gas tank fill-up has risen $30 since Barack Obama became president.
Jim Justice : “West Virginia has one of the greatest percentages of veterans in any state.”
Bloggers : "A witness will testify against Hillary Clinton."
Ron Johnson : Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
Michael Burgess : “In the last 10 years less than half of adults in the U.S. received a flu shot.”
Michael Turner : A space shuttle the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton would be "within a day's drive of 60 percent of the U.S. population."
Donald Trump : "We're the highest developed nation taxed in the world."
Florida Conservation Alliance : "Sen. George LeMieux voted to let oil companies off the hook and overturn pollution rules."
Facebook posts : "In April 1997, there was a ‘gas out’ conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight."
John Kasich : "Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion."
Greg Abbott : Says Travis County Sheriff Sally Hernandez "declared that she would not detain known criminals accused of violent crimes."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden “is even talking about taking the wall down.”
JB Pritzker : Illinois Republican lawmakers “have argued that they want an independent [redistricting] commission, but they didn't do anything about it.”
Mitt Romney : The Obama administration "has been outsourcing" by sending money to "solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States."
Donald Trump : "Within just a few years, immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records."
Chris Christie : "And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001."
Jennifer Granholm : President Joe Biden’s corporate tax rate increase would "put us in line with other industrial nations."
Donald Trump : “Facts have now come out to show conclusively” that the 2020 presidential election wasn’t legitimate.
Vern Buchanan : Vern Buchanan "has been completely exonerated" in a Federal Election Commission action.
Kathy Nickolaus : Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, "is common in (the vote-tabulation) process.
L.C. "Buster" Evans : "It has been many years, if ever, since an inmate has completed his or her high school diploma while incarcerated in a state correctional facility for adults."
Viral image : Says Elizabeth Warren has a racist figurine in her kitchen.
Ted Lyon : Says most Texas schools spend 45 out of 180 school days in mandated testing.
Angel Taveras : Says Gina Raimondo's "venture capital firm secured a secret no-bid contract funded by taxpayers."
Jonathan Karl : "Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before 'The Wizard of Oz' hit the movie theaters."
Rachel Maddow : "While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated."
Barack Obama : A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
John Hutson : Donald Trump "called the military that I served in a disaster."
Roger Williams : "NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected."
Facebook posts : “How many of you are aware that the female governor of Michigan is the niece of George Soros?”
Chris King : "Hispanic entrepreneurs, those who have immigrated from Spanish-speaking countries, often start three times as many businesses as white males."
Lloyd Doggett : "I said no to these big bank bailouts."
Bloggers : "Money raised to help (Beto) O’Rourke get elected is being used to fund migrants. This is clearly breaking campaign finance laws."
Facebook posts : “These ‘peaceful’ protesters burned these horses to death.”
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Says Jeb Bush "flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration."
Rush Holt : Says "as a share of the US economy, the government’s support for research and development (R&D) has fallen by nearly two-thirds since the 1960s."
Kathleen Sebelius : Blue Cross Blue Shield ended "2016 open enrollment with 1 million members in the Florida marketplace."
Marc Morial : "The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun."
Pat Stevens : The Atlanta area’s water planning district "is now the national leader in conservation."
ActionAid UK : "Tax dodging costs developing countries $200 billion every year."
Michael Chippendale : Rhode Island has the "worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska."
Viral image : Wearing the Kente cloth “worn by affluent African slave traders” is “like honoring Jews by wearing swastikas.”
Joe Biden : “You had the last two administrations deport twice as many people as we deported — twice as many.”
Donald Trump : Says Democratic obstruction is the reason why "many important positions in government are unfilled."
Viral image : “Tim Tebow says he is wearing #85 to honor his former friend/teammate and fellow TE Aaron Hernandez, who passed away in 2017.”
Bloggers : "Top Democrats refuse to stand for Gold Star widow."
Rock the Vote : Says 50 percent of millennials don’t associate with "any political party."
Sean Hannity : "17,000 individuals with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the border" in 2018.
Mike Pence : Says Qassem Soleimani "assisted in the clandestine travel to Afghanistan of 10 of the 12 terrorists who carried out the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States."
John Murtha : "We're going to have more troops (in Afghanistan) . . . than the Russians had."
Hillary Clinton : "We now do have evidence" that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
Michael Riley : The Congressional Budget Office "has already doubled its estimate for the cost (of Obamacare) so far from roughly $800 billion to $1.7 trillion."
Amy Hanauer : "To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch."
Rex Tillerson : "I have never lobbied against sanctions personally... to my knowledge, Exxon never directly lobbied against sanctions.
Democratic Party of Virginia : Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a "raid on public education to pay for roads."
Paul Ryan : A report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office "confirms that the American Health Care Act will lower premiums."
Kinky Friedman : Says Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education.
Sharron Angle : Harry Reid "voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "40% of Americans know someone who has been killed by a gun."
New York Times Editorial Board : A political map circulated by Sarah Palin’s PAC incited Rep. Gabby Giffords’ shooting
EnergyCitizens.org : The cap-and-trade bill will mean "2 million jobs lost."
Connie Mack : Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend "$144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine."
Facebook posts : “Fact: Mike Bloomberg spent $12 million to re-elect a Senate Republican (Toomey) in 2016. Toomey beat the Dem (McGinty) by 1.5 points. If McGinty had won, Ds would have controlled the Senate after Doug Jones won and could have blocked Kavanaugh from the Supreme Court.”
Rick Perry : Says New York has ‘bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.’
Bart Stupak : "There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation."
Frank Guinta : "Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan."
Lee Merritt : The COVID-19 vaccine “went out for distribution” in Nebraska “days before the FDA even said they were going to approve it.”
Debbie Riddle : "Over 81 percent of the babies that are born at LBJ Hospital right here in Houston are born of women who are not here legally."
One America News : Says Adam Schiff is "under investigation for Ukrainian Burisma oil connections."
Barack Obama : "One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because there's just not a lot of work there."
Rick Scott : The federal government is "making the decision, whether we like it or not, to send 425 refugees to our state" from Syria.
Facebook posts : Says Joel Osteen Ministries charges people for prayers via a "prayer request account."
Silvestre Reyes : Says Beto O’Rourke "has a criminal record that includes DWI and burglary arrests."
Mary Burke : Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors "that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme."
Facebook posts : “Ambassador Susan Rice Tribunal, Gavin Newsom indicted.”
Barry Hinckley : "Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse' campaign] money is coming from special interests."
Donald Trump : On gift taking, "Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took."
Chris Abele : "While Act 10 allowed (Milwaukee County) to save some money, it was millions short of what we needed to fill the hole left by the $28 million cut in state aid."
Facebook posts : “Wisconsin took a break, and when they returned, Biden coincidentally came back ahead by 100k.”
YourNewsWire.com : "Lisa Page squeals: DNC server was not hacked by Russians."
Joe Biden : Senate Republicans' move to confirm Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court in an election year is "not constitutional."
Matt Flynn : Says Foxconn "is under investigation in mainland China for securities fraud, environmental fraud and labor fraud."
Katrina vanden Heuvel : "The majority support (raising) the minimum wage."
Mike Coffman : Says state Sen. Morgan Carroll's votes made "it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first."
Barry Bone : Says that when the Rolling Stones performed in an Austin park, they paid $25,000 to the nearby city of Rollingwood "for one night of inconvenience."
Lincoln Chafee : "I remember one of [Curt Schilling's] teammates said he painted his sock, the bloody sock."
Melissa Agard : "Youth usage of marijuana has actually gone down in states that have fully legalized.”
Sandra Williams : "99.97 percent of the kids live in poverty that attend Cleveland public schools."
John Nygren : GOP tax plan "is better for working, middle-class families" since "88% of the tax relief goes to those making $100,000 or less."
Barack Obama : Romney’s Medicare plan was estimated to "cost the average senior about $6,000 a year."
Chris Christie : "We’re spending less money today, in upcoming fiscal year 2014 than the Corzine-Buono budget spent in fiscal year 2008."
Mary Burke : Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin "unemployment's up" from 4.8% to 6.2%
Facebook posts : “Oklahoma 100% coronavirus test rate after Trump Tulsa rally.”
Kevin McCarthy : "Nobody on Medicaid" will have their benefits taken away.
Scott Walker : "As Jim Doyle’s Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin" and had laid off 800 workers.
House Majority PAC : Says U.S. Rep. Mimi Walters "votes with Donald Trump 99 percent of the time."
Kellyanne Conway : Just 6 percent of Americans say Russia is the country’s most important issue, yet the story receives "75 percent of the coverage" in the media.
Karl Rove : The Obama administration "raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bush's last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years."
Kayleigh McEnany : “Biden admits to voter fraud.”
Jeff Brandes : Company may close, "all because government essentially says if they don't hire a lifeguard to watch their workers, they can't stay open."
Ohio Right to Life : "Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars."
Mike Huckabee : Says he has "the most impressive education record" of the Republican candidates.
Nicholas Mattiello : "Let’s start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states."
Connie Mack : Says Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
LaKeshia Myers : "Wisconsin is one of only nine states in the nation in which 17 year-olds are automatically treated as adults in the criminal justice system."
Kellyanne Conway : Says Hillary Clinton takes "tens of millions of dollars from countries that hate women, that disrespect women, that throw gays off of buildings."
Bloggers : “Schumer and Pelosi sneak funding into COVID bill.”
MacIver Institute : In 2011, "the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000."
Bloggers : "Stacey Abrams burning the flag of the state she seeks to serve as Governor."
Wisconsin Working Families Party : Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele spent "$100,000 of taxpayer money on a new luxury SUV."
Rick Scott : "Attorney General Eric Holder’s own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law" about early voting in Florida.
Rick Allen : U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., does not want to audit the Federal Reserve.
Alan Grayson : The rifle used by Omar Mateen "shoots off 700 rounds in a minute."
Sam Olens : Says opponents of the health care law  "prevailed on our two main arguments" to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Jerry Brown : "California is growing a hell of a lot faster than Texas."
Dan Gelber : Dave Aronberg's career legal experience is "less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney."
Steve Cannon : Buying the naming rights to the new Falcons stadium is the largest marketing deal in Mercedes-Benz history.
Barack Obama : The minimum wage "in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office."
No Casinos : Slot machines in Miami-Dade and Broward counties have generated 20 percent of the promised $500 million per year for schools.
Dan Patrick : "We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools."
Leticia Van de Putte : "In 2013," Dan Patrick voted "against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free."
Paul Valletta : Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo "raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87" and "used a 1994 annuity chart" to create the pension crisis.
Facebook posts : A man who stormed the U.S. Capitol in a horned fur cap is an “Antifa thug.”
Alex Sink : "150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid."
Instagram posts : "President Trump's net gain while in office $0, Nancy Pelosi's net gain while in office $191 million."
Donald Trump : In manufacturing, "I brought back 700,000 jobs. (Obama and Biden) brought back nothing."
Rick Perry : "Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients."
Sean Hannity : Says 642,000 crimes were committed against Texans by criminal immigrants in a recent seven-year period.
Joe Barton : "Hidden" in the healthcare.gov code is language that means users "waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information."
Rhode Island ACLU : "No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law"
Donald Trump : Ending the estate tax would "protect millions of small businesses and the American farmer."
Freedom Partners Action Fund : "Many Nevadans relied on Uber for work, but after accepting $70,000 from taxi companies, Catherine Cortez Masto went after Uber ... (driving) them out of town."
Pat McCrory : Says the Human Rights Campaign is secretly funded
Tammy Duckworth : "Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ... I don’t have a Super PAC."
William Barr : "The Inspector General’s report now makes clear that the FBI launched an intrusive investigation of a U.S. presidential campaign on the thinnest of suspicions."
John McCain : We are "borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil" with the result being "dependency and debt."
Saxby Chambliss : "Revenues are 15 percent of GDP — it’s still in the range of the lowest it’s ever been."
Kelly Alexander : Says "most" NC legislators are in the "high risk age group" for coronavirus
Facebook posts : Says Listerine mouthwash can be effectively used as a mosquito repellant.
Bernie Sanders : "We work longer hours than any people in the industrialized world, including the Japanese."
Brian Kemp : "The State Election Board has issued nearly $275,000 in fines to violators of absentee ballot laws."
Joe Biden : Says Donald Trump "is going to go out and carpet bomb" the Middle East.
Bloggers : "Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations."
James Langevin : "Foster children are disproportionately victims of identity theft."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance."
Focus on the Family Action : "As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!"
Instagram posts : “Covid-does NOT exist AS A VIRUS,” and Russian doctors performing autopsies on deceased COVID-19 patients violate a World Health Organization law
Donald Trump : "We’ve lost 70,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization."
Donald Trump : "In our nation’s capital, killings have risen by 50 percent."
Facebook posts : Only 56 coronavirus deaths a day was enough to collapse the world economy, even though thousands of people die daily from tuberculosis, hepatitis B, and other diseases.
Paul Krugman : "There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office."
Joe Biden : “You’ve raised a lot more money than I have, Bernie.”
Rick Santorum : "Ninety percent of American workers don't own their own business."
Viral image : Says a photo of a woman wearing a costume holding the sign "vagina lady" is Stanford law professor Pamela Karlan.
NextGen Climate Action Committee : Wisconsin’s attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
Barack Obama : Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that "could have been made here in America."
Facebook posts : "Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths."
Congressional Leadership Fund : "Bay Area liberals have given more to Jon Ossoff's campaign than people in Georgia."
Jose Carrillo : "Just in the Austin MSA alone, 150 people move here every day."
Johnny Isakson : Corporate tax holidays pushed by Presidents John F. Kennedy and George W. Bush brought "billions" of dollars back into the United States.
Democratic Party of Virginia : "Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction" on Medicaid expansion.
Hillary Clinton : Says Alex Jones "said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there."
Donald Trump : “In California, Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts.”
Bloggers : “Navy SEALs arrest Hillary Clinton.”
Choose: New Jersey : "We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world."
Barack Obama : Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and "pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."
Lou Greenwald : "Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. We've added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs."
Tammy Baldwin : Says that after the overdose death of a Tomah VA veteran, she "brought both parties together to help pass a law" to "make the VA accountable and also to stop the overprescribing of" opioids.
Viral image : AstraZeneca means “weapon that kills.”
Mitt Romney : Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.
Donald Trump : "I don't know anything about David Duke."
Donald Trump : "Apple has just announced it plans to invest a total of $350 billion in America, and hire another 20,000 workers."
Tony Evers : A new state agreement with Foxconn “will save Wisconsin taxpayers $2.77 billion.”
Facebook posts : Viral immunologist says COVID-19 vaccines’ “spike protein” means people are being inoculated “with a toxin.”
Donald Trump : The Obama administration "borrowed more than $10 trillion, right? And yet, we picked up $5.2 trillion just in the stock market. ... Maybe in a sense we’re reducing debt."
Barack Obama : Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.
Julián Castro : "Ohio, Michigan, and Pennsylvania actually in the latest jobs data have lost jobs, not gained them."
Rush Limbaugh : "Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border."
Gina Raimondo : "Contrary to popular belief, we actually don’t have that many public employees…We are well below average in the number of public employees.’’
Debbie Jackow : Debbie Jackow "unlike her opponent ... WILL NOT de-fund the 20/20 land program."
Chris Christie : Says "our 12 month job increase was the sixth highest in the nation."
Jack Kingston : Under President Barack Obama’s watch, "oil production on federal lands has decreased 14 percent over the past year."
Ilhan Omar : "#MichaelCohen: Convicted of lying to Congress re: Russia investigation … #ElliottAbrams: Convicted of lying to Congress re: arming Contra death squads"
Claire McCaskill : Says a Josh Hawley lawsuit "would take away important prescription drug coverage for seniors through Medicare and end all of the consumer protections under the ACA."
Phil Gingrey : Medicare "premium support" backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan "is not vouchers."
Bloggers : “Democrats introduce bill to ‘euthanize seniors’ to save Social Security.”
Jay Carney : Says Rick Perry "turned down our invitation to meet" President Barack Obama in El Paso.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : The United States "stood alone in the war in Iraq."
Laura Ingraham : The Massachusetts health care plan is "wildly unpopular" among state residents.
Robert Puente : If Milwaukee approves reducing its maximum forfeiture for marijuana possession to $50, the city would have "23 different bicycle violations that have a higher forfeiture."
Hillary Clinton : Says, regarding the presence of classified information in her email, FBI Director James "Comey said my answers were truthful, and what I've said is consistent with what I have told the American people."
Joe Manchin : "West Virginia Department of Education reported over 10,000 children and youth have been identified as homeless for the 2018-2019 school year."
Ben Carson : "Ukraine was a nuclear-armed state. They gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them."
Ohio Democratic Party : Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan "that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike" 
Viral image : “If you have had a flu shot in the last 3-5 years, you will probably test positive” for COVID-19.
Jeb Bush : "ISIS didn't exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president."
Chris Christie : "If anyone should know irresponsible it should be Senator Buono. She’s the one, her budget left us with a $2 billion budget deficit in fiscal 10 that I had to fix. Her mistakes. And for fiscal year 2011 an $11 billion budget deficit. Her mistakes, along with her partner Jon Corzine."
Facebook posts : Says a “5G LAW PASSED while everyone was distracted” with the coronavirus pandemic and lists 20 symptoms associated with 5G exposure.
Bob McDonnell : "The average kid comes out of Virginia colleges with about $25,000-plus in debt."
Amardeep Kaleka : Wisconsin sold fresh water to California, helping that state's dairy industry, and "lost a bunch of jobs (and) a bunch of farmland."
Patriotnetwork.one : "Breaking: Czech Republic arms citizens. You can now shoot terrorists on sight."
Rick Santorum : "Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate" for health insurance.
Americans United for Change : "A new poll shows 62 percent support the president's plan to reform health care. That means ... letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan."
Nancy Pelosi : The health care bill will "create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."
Stephen Lisauskas : Thirty-seven percent of Central Falls’ retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions; in most municipalities, about 5 percent of retirees collect disability pensions.
South West News Service : Black cats in Vietnam are being killed and consumed as a COVID-19 cure.
Facebook posts : “The point of defunding the Police in Minneapolis is that Minnesota is where Obama settled 1 Million Islamics. They want Sharia Law.”
National Taxpayers Union : "The latest round of tariffs now means that the total tax increase on Americans from enacted tariffs exceeds the tax increases from the Affordable Care Act."
Ron Paul : "In the '80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes."
Facebook posts : “Trump’s daughter works at the White House. Her husband works at the White House. Rudy’s son works at the White House. Barr’s son-in-law works at the White House. Barr’s daughter works at Treasury. Trump’s sons do foreign business. Trump’s daughter is getting Chinese patents and Saudi grants.”
Viral image : “She’s just casually carrying a body with 1 hand..? Sure.. More evidence of coronavirus being a complete hoax with props & street theater.”
Donald Trump : "Two million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago."
Erin Marie Olszewski : “It’s not unusual for hospitals to sit at max or near max capacity on any given day.”
Sylvester Turner : "We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles."
Dick Greco : "Refinanced $232.6 million in bonds, resulting in reduced debt service for the City."
John McCain : Obama "promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."
Delaine Eastin : California is 41st in the nation in per pupil K-12 spending, but "No. 1 in per prisoner" spending.
Glenn Beck : "The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings."
Barack Obama : "America is No. 1 in wind power."
Robert Sarvis : "Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?"
Chris Christie : "Since January 2010, New Jersey has added 103,000 new private sector jobs. The last two years -- 2011 and 2012 -- have been the best two years of private sector job growth since 1999."
Steve Southerland : "The fact is, over 2.4 million jobs have been lost since the 'Stimulus' bill was signed into law in February of 2009."
A C Wharton : "We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government."
Hillary Clinton : "Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression."
Rick Scott : "My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education."
Chris Jacobs : “There were several states where outside actors dramatically changed the rules of the road, so to speak, two weeks out, one week out, on how elections would be run.”
Mitt Romney : Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.
Barack Obama : "Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high" in 2010.
Steny Hoyer : "The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06."
Ron Klain : "The process to distribute the vaccine, particularly outside of nursing homes and hospitals out into the community as a whole, did not really exist when we came into the White House."
Rob Turner : Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the 'Taj Mahal' courthouse.
Alex Sink : "Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents... And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident."
Bill Burton : Democrats already agreed to "a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win."
Facebook posts : The White House doctored a photo of a Donald Trump event “to make the crowd look bigger.”
Marco Rubio : "In Florida, 70 percent of the people here illegally came on an airplane. They overstayed a visa."
Jeb Bush : "The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military" is 35 to 40 percent.
Robert Hurt : Non-defense discretionary spending has increased "by over 80 percent in the last two years."
Bloggers : Say Oregon Reps. Peter DeFazio and Earl Blumenauer are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."
New Republican PAC : Says Bill Nelson voted for "cuts to Medicare providers" and voted to weaken "Social Security protections" as a U.S. senator.
Jim McDermott : "On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you can’t even make half the poverty level."
Rand Paul : Income inequality "seems to be worst in cities run by Democrats."
Bill White : "By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired."
Xi Jinping : "China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world."
For Our Daughters RI : "Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker."
HoustonChronicle-tv.com : "Floyd Mayweather Jr. donates a whopping sum of money to Houston after hurricane."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says that Sherrod Brown "voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care."
Tom Cotton : Says Mark Pryor "votes with Obama 93 percent of the time."
Elizabeth Warren : The Boeing 737 Max 8, the type of plane that crashed in Ethiopia, continues to fly in the United States, despite the FAA saying "software updates are likely coming."
Rodney Frelinghuysen : Says the Treasury Department "says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires’] surtax" that "would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs."
David Rivera : "Joe Garcia raised utility rates on families."
Efrain De La Fuente : Says most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials.
Donald Trump : "Our Navy has shrunk from more than 500 ships in 1991 to 275 in 2016."
Katrina Shankland : Wisconsin "is on pace to double the number of layoffs" this year.
James Moore : "Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once."
Ohio Democratic Party : Cuts in local government and school funding in John Kasich’s budget caused "many communities to seek school levies, local tax increases, layoffs."
Chris Christie : Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget "is still below the level of state spending when I took office."
Jay Carney : When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said "that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down."
Barack Obama : "Over the last four years, the deficit has gone up, but 90 percent of that is as a consequence of" President George W. Bush’s policies and the recession.
Marcy Kaptur : "The Social Security trust fund is sound. Without anything being done, it would function well into 2038; and even after that time with no changes, we could pay 80 percent of the benefits that people have earned."
Sam Adams : Four out of 10 homicides are committed by gun in this city.
Independent Texans : $6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 "has yet to be tapped."
J.D. Alexander : Says using E-Verify is "a fair amount of cost," about $20 per person that does not match.
John Cornyn : My office sends federal "money back every year."
Greater Wisconsin Committee : Says "Scott Walker favors cutting up to 350,000 families and children off health care."
Facebook posts : Gov. Gavin Newsom “has no legal authority” to make wearing face coverings mandatory in California.
Glenn Beck : Says Barack Obama "knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance."
Lupe Valdez : "There are some counties in Texas where the first day of hunting, you have to shut down the schools because people are going to go hunting."
Rachel Siegel : "The F-35 bombers, scheduled to arrive in Burlington this fall, have been designated with a nuclear mission."
Barbara Buono : Says "the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since" 1964.
Donald Trump : "If you buy, you know, a box of cereal, if you do anything, you have a voter ID. … The only thing you don’t is if you’re a voter of the United States."
Nathan Deal : The state’s overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels.
Edward Cox : "The exodus of citizens from New York State has been growing."
Instagram posts : “Mayo Clinic study shows Pfizer vaccine dropped to 42% effective.”
Carly Fiorina : "If you look at the results of Obamacare, what you see is emergency room visits are up over 50 percent."
Michael Steele : "You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government — federal, state, local, or otherwise — has never created one job."
Patrick Kennedy : Marijuana and THC "have caused emergency room visits to skyrocket."
Kathy Hochul : "We have pay equity. When you think about that wage gap, we all know it's 78 cents to the dollar. Well, in New York state it's 90 cents to the dollar."
Tom Barrett : Says Gov. Scott Walker said "no to equal pay for equal work for women."
Nelson Wolff : Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
Chris Wallace : "Baltimore spends the third highest per capita on its public schools."
Bloggers : Gov. Scott Walker’s plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
Mark S. Zaccaria : Public employees receive "something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island."
Facebook posts : “Friendly reminder: Cigarettes are FDA approved.”
Kelly Ayotte : Mental health provisions related to mass shootings "got over 90 votes in the Senate."
Gordon Hintz : "Eleven individuals who make over $30 million each got $22 million credit" from Wisconsin's manufacturing and agriculture tax credit.
David Lewis : Says Governor Cooper has vetoed "every single teacher pay raise we've ever passed."
Donald Trump : "We get practically nothing compared to the cost of" keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.
Rick Perry : Says the 2012-13 state budget "leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund."
Ron Johnson : "Generally the deaths are still pretty flat because we've flattened the curve.”
Facebook posts : Video shows Donald Trump returning to Washington “in a blaze of glory on Air Force 1.”
Jerome Adams : “They’re furloughing nurses in hospitals in western New York state.”
Facebook posts : Police officer is “the occupation with the highest suicide rate of any profession.”
Children at Risk : "Right now, only 11 percent of the 15,000 child care providers in Texas are certified as meeting quality standards."
Peter Palumbo : In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender.
Conservative Solutions PAC : Says Chris Christie "instituted an Internet sales tax."
Ann Coulter : Says South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley "is an immigrant."
Michele Bachmann : The IRS is going to be "in charge" of "a huge national database" on health care that will include Americans’ "personal, intimate, most close-to-the-vest-secrets."
Bloggers : "Clinton campaign official arrested by FBI on child rape/trafficking charges"
Jim Jordan : The national debt is "larger than our entire annual economy."
Facebook posts : "PEDOPHILIA is now LEGAL in CALIFORNIA. Now a 21 year old can have sex with an 11 year old, and not be listed on the sex registry as a sex offender."
Eric Cantor : The health care law is "job killing."
Adam Schiff : "I think what the authors of the (25th) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown, an inability to function in office."
Beaverton : Last year, Beaverton School District had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in Oregon.
John E. Sununu : The health care law reduces "the number of uninsured in America by 3 percent for how much money? $2 trillion."
Don Lemon : "A high school dropout makes on average $19,000 a year, a high school graduate makes $28,000 a year, a college graduate makes $51,000 a year."
Josh Hawley : Says Claire McCaskill "voted against including health records in the background check system."
Jonathan Steitz : The 2009-11 state budget that Democrats approved left Wisconsin taxpayers $3.6 billion in debt.
Greater Wisconsin Committee : Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to "point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger" because "911 is not our best option."
Facebook posts : Says the CDC’s new tracking policy is covering up cases of “breakthrough” COVID-19 infections among vaccinated people.
Americans for Prosperity : "300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance" as a result of Obamacare.
Rachel Maddow : Gov. Sarah Palin "got precisely zero support for her call for Alaska's Democratic Senator Mark Begich to resign because Ted Stevens' corruption conviction was overturned."
Jamie Nadler : “Small trials” to test convalescent plasma therapy for coronavirus patients “seem to have had some degree of success.”
John G. Morgan : "Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges."
Mitt Romney : President Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid support Rick Perry’s "decision to give in-state tuition to illegal immigrants."
Hillary Clinton : Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15 million Americans out."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump "himself has a financial stake in the French company that makes the brand-name version of hydroxychloroquine.”
Tim Moore : Says court ruling allows abortions in North Carolina "until right before the baby is delivered."
Facebook posts : “Alert: Law enforcement and the Red Cross have advised that there are people going door to door indicating that they are authorized to do testing for Coronavirus.”
Rick Santorum : Says President Barack Obama "has put (up) a stop sign … against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska."
Edward Lindsey : Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans."
Donald Trump : "Libya supplies the oil for China. We get no oil from Libya."
Viral image : “Hurricane ‘Hanna’ hitting Texas has blown over part of a border wall.”
Facebook posts : "Biden concedes 6 million votes."
Kendrick Meek : "Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement."
Donald Trump : “The Democrats don’t want to do anything having to do with protecting people from eviction.”
Austan Goolsbee : "Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years."
Viral image : A Fox News affiliate reported on a shooting before it happened.
Chris Christie : Says the New York Giants "train in New Jersey, they play in New Jersey and most of their players live in New Jersey."
Lindsey Graham : Top U.S. intelligence officials have told "every member of Congress, including the president, we’re about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq."
Facebook posts : Says after Australia passed a "new law" that forced gun owners to give up over 640,000 firearms, the country saw a dramatic increase in homicides, assaults and robberies.
Gary Peters : Says “John James opposes abortion, even refusing to make an exception when a woman’s life is at risk” and “wants to make it a felony even in cases of rape and incest.”
Viral image : A retired U.S. Army sergeant faces life in prison for killing two Syrian refugees after discovering they raped his teenage daughter.
Jennifer Shilling : Says many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums.
Facebook posts : “Texas has launched ‘Operation Lone Star’ to finish the border wall themselves.”
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Congressman Robert Hurt has a plan to cut education by 40 percent.
AFSCME : Says "David Schweikert took over $120,000 from the drug industry and voted against legislation to lower prescription drug prices."
Ruth's List Florida : "Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor."
Joe Biden : “There is a consensus among economists left, right, and center… that we can’t spend too much” on COVID-19 relief.
Donald Trump : Says Dr. Anthony Fauci said of Trump’s pandemic response, “I can’t imagine that … anybody could be doing more.”
Facebook posts : Says Kamala Harris said looters are just feeding their hungry kids.
George W. Bush : Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
Hillary Clinton : Says Hillary Clinton won "health care for 8 million children."
Wisconsin Republican Legislative leaders : “We are currently using only around 20% of our testing capacity.”
Hank Johnson : Says "by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs."
Valerie Vainieri Huttle : Says "160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Pete Gallego "went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress."
Facebook posts : “If I don’t take the vaccine, I’m at risk for covid. If I do take the vaccine, I’m still at risk for covid PLUS I’m at risk for permanent vaccine side effects. Therefore I’m reducing my risk by not taking the vaccine. That’s the real science.”
Sean Hannity : "Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'"
Barack Obama : In the past three years, "we've added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some."
Jeff Dickerson : According to a national survey, transit "ridership" among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009.
"Martin O'Malley : Chris Christie has not been ""effective at creating jobs … (or have) a record of governing for effectiveness. ...
New Jersey (has) one of the higher unemployment rates in the country at 9.4 percent."""
Donald Trump : Says 3,000 people "did not die" in two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. That death toll estimate was "done by Democrats."
Casey Cagle : Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents.
David Dewhurst : "I’ve been reducing the number of Democratic" Texas Senate committee "chairs since I came in" as lieutenant governor.
Frank Guinta : "Carol Shea-Porter … wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators."
Stephen Sweeney : Says "my plan is a property tax cut."
Grover Norquist : In Virginia "there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years. The legislature has spent less than 1 percent of that on roads."
Karen Handel : Says Iran has "violated the terms of the (nuclear) deal."
Cory Booker : "Nowadays, there is more regulation over toy guns than real ones."
Rudy Giuliani : "Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent."
Donald Trump : "In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map."
NJ-CAN : Says the state’s pension and health benefits reform includes "the destruction of public sector collective bargaining rights."
Facebook posts : “Active crime scene in Spalding County, Ga., where ballots for President Donald Trump were discovered in a dumpster.”
Bob McDonnell : Says he’s proposed "the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history."
Jim Webb : "Ronald Reagan raised the national debt 18 times."
Hillary Clinton : Says Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trump’s economic proposals, is "one of Sen. John McCain's former economic advisers."
Bernie Sanders : "If you look at Latino kids between 17 and 20 who graduated high school, 36 percent of them are unemployed or underemployed. … African-American kids are unemployed or underemployed to the tune of 51 percent."
Patrick Leahy : Military "recruiting went on at Harvard every single day throughout the time (Kagan) was there."
American Civil Liberties Union : Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
Carol Hunstein : "Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown."
Todd Starnes : "Students at the University of Texas in Austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on Halloween."
Jimmy Carter : "(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death."
Barack Obama : "After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years."
Dan Kapanke : "Protesters caused $7.5 million in damage to the Wisconsin State House"
Pamela Geller : A CNN video shows “HAMMER / Scorecard Voter Software Fraud in Real Time”
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : The U.S. Supreme Court struck down Wisconsin's photo ID election law
Tom Cotton : Says Mark Pryor "cut Medicare to pay for Obamacare."
Mitt Romney : "Under the president's plan, he cuts Medicare by $716 billion, takes that money out of the Medicare trust fund and uses it to pay for Obamacare."
Bill Seitz : Says that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions.
Michael Cohen : Says Hillary Clinton "presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador."
Richard Cordray : On Mike DeWine's record as attorney general: "Opioid deaths have tripled on his watch and there have been cuts to funds for first responders and people in the community fighting the crisis."
Winning Democrats : "Trump’s Health Secretary Pick Wants a Medicare Phaseout by Summer 2017."
Donald Trump : White nationalist protesters in Charlottesville "had a permit. The other group didn’t have a permit."
Chris Christie : "In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington."
Marina Dimitrijevic : Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee "would be a $19 decrease."
Viral image : Bluegill fish "are responsible for over 500 deaths in the United States every summer."
Facebook posts : Migrants at the U.S. border are "able to pay cell phone bills" after a "two-month excursion across four separate countries."
Gary Johnson : "None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. It's always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, we'd be at 20 percent."
John DePetro : "[The] ACLU and atheists in Denver are demanding the NFL stop [Tim Tebow] from praying on the sidelines."
John Oliver : "The number of SWAT raids have gone up by 1,400 percent since the 1980s."
Jeff Stone : "I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport."
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows that climate change protesters left trash all over their protest side.
Rob Wittman : "There’s actually been more subpoenas issued by the (U.S. House) majority than bills passed."
Rudy Giuliani : Says President Barack Obama has said "that everybody should hate the police."
Facebook posts : Says Jared Kushner “deleted all of his tweets after the tax story broke.”
Frank Lautenberg : "Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan."
Donald Trump : Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was "almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."
Lindsey Graham : “Under the Affordable Care Act, three states get 35% of the money, folks. Can you name them? I'll help you: California, New York and Massachusetts.”
Bruce Rauner : Democrats "are cutting our school funding. Four times in the last 10 years before we came into office."
Bernie Sanders : Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to "support fracking."
Kevin Reilly : "Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average."
Facebook posts : Officials in Fairfax, Va., gave 100,000 Trump votes to Biden.
Ted Cruz : "A couple of debates ago, (Donald Trump) said if you don’t support socialized health care, you’re heartless."
Casey Cagle : Savannah is home to "the fastest-growing port in the nation."
Tim Kaine : Obama’s mid-term approval ratings are similar to other presidents who went on to re-election.
Joe Biden : "John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices."
Libertarian Party of Georgia : The increase in the current state budget was greater than the inflation rate and the rate of population growth in Georgia.
Jeff Sessions : Says Hillary Clinton "has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade — the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement."
Jeff Graham : The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
Mitt Romney : "Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesn’t have health insurance --  they can go to the hospital and get free care."
Barack Obama : Barack Obama "passed laws moving people from welfare to work."
John Kerry : Since 2014, "each year, (NATO) nations have been increasing their contributions."
Chuck Grassley : In Japan, executives of failing companies "say 'I'm sorry' and then either do one of two things: resign or go commit suicide."
Jim Kenney : "While many urban areas across the country saw a sharp increase in crime over the last year, the Philadelphia Police Department successfully lowered part one crimes."
Facebook posts : Says a warning label on a box of disposable masks shows that they are ineffective at protecting against the spread of COVID-19.
Viral image : “Joe Biden takes a knee after spotting an American flag near his childhood home in Pennsylvania.”
Liz Carter : Hank Johnson voted against legislation to help "first responders, teachers, vets and troops."
Marcia Fudge : "More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant."
Rick Scott : Says Florida has "the second-lowest taxes, per capita, state taxes of any state in the country."
Rick Scott : Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didn't.
Ron Johnson : Says Russ Feingold "voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits for seniors, he even tried to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."
Joe Manchin : “Now with the COVID-19 … more people are dependent on drugs or alcohol.”
The Gateway Pundit : “CDC director finally admits that COVID cases were overcounted in hospitals”
Donald Trump : "The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011."
Facebook posts : Colorado “requires photo ID to vote in person, requires signature verification for mail-in ballots, which Georgia got rid of, and prevents campaign workers from giving food, water to voters within 100 feet if they’re wearing campaign apparel.”
Nancy Pelosi : Under a House Republican appropriations bill, "6 million seniors are deprived of meals."
Rob Portman : Says the health care reform bill was paid for, in part, by taking money from students and the student loan system.
Hillary Clinton : "If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save — according to Department of Energy figures — about $70."
Rick Range : "George P. Bush to place statue of (Mexican general) Santa Anna at the Alamo."
Tom Palzewicz : Says Jim Sensenbrenner "has been in office for 40 years" and "he's led on exactly one bill," the Patriot Act.
Facebook posts : Google and Apple “put a covid tracker on every phone.”
Bloggers : “12 white female bodies in garage freezer tagged ‘Black Lives Matter.’”
Kyrsten Sinema : Says she voted to stop a new "age tax" under which "Arizonans age 50 & over could be charged 5 times more for their health care."
Viral image : Says you can monitor yourself for COVID-19 with a breath test.
Steve King : Says Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population.
Mark Hass : "Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags."
Facebook posts : Donald Trump “cancelled Bill Gates project known as ID2020.”
Fair Districts Florida : "In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!"
Facebook posts : “Biden lead disappears in NV, AZ, GA, PA.”
Joseph Cryan : "What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years."
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi bought $1.25 million in Tesla stock the day before Joe Biden signed an order “for all federal vehicles” to be electric.
Instagram posts : Says Ruth Bader Ginsburg tweeted, “I have information that will lead to the arrest of Hillary Clinton.”
Mike McCabe : Says Minnesota is "imprisoning half as many people as Wisconsin, and yet our states have virtually identical crime rates."
Bloggers : Says Patrick Henry said, "The Constitution is not a document for the government to restrain the people: it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government."
Facebook posts : Says LeBron James said, “We’re at the point where a girl can’t even stab her friends anymore.”
Paul Krugman : "If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes."
Bloggers : "Computer models show Irma destroying New York City on Sept. 10."
Adam Hasner : "I sponsored and was the co-sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had E-Verify provisions in it back in 2010 when I served in the Legislature."
Facebook posts : Says photo shows that Chick-fil-A distributed “Back the Blue” T-shirts to employees in response to recent protests over police brutality.
Facebook posts : Says President Barack Obama's acceptance of an "Islamic order and gold medal" was "unconstitutional."
Donald Trump : In New York City, "murders are up."
Facebook posts : Says COVID-19 testing could be done with mouth swabs, so maybe deeper swabbing is “implanting something.”
Glenn Beck : Van Jones signed a petition indicating he "thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up."
American Commitment : The health care law "imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class."
Jeff Williams : The new Apple Watch Series 4 includes "the first ECG product offered over-the-counter directly to consumers."
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is "over-exaggerated." "She said she was satisfied with what was going on."
Newt Gingrich : In economic growth, "Obama's best year was slower than Bill Clinton's worst year."
Dick Cheney : Says it’s "an old wives’ story" that Margaret Thatcher told George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly.
Brianna Keilar : Says Hillary Clinton's "campaign hasn't been clear about when she wiped her server of her work emails."
Republican Party of Florida : Says Charlie Crist "is embroiled in a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto Ponzi scheme."
Conservative Daily Post : "FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network."
Roy Cooper : Says Dan Forest has “missed almost half of the Board of Education meetings during the pandemic."
Donald Trump : South Korea doesn't pay the United States for U.S. troops that protect their country.
Bloggers : A yearbook photo shows Mark Kelly dressed as Adolf Hitler.
David Cicilline : Providence has "the lowest crime rate in three decades."
Charlie Crist : "You know, when this thing first hit, I signed a declaration of emergency for the six counties that were directly affected, impacted in the Panhandle, then I extended that not long thereafter down into Sarasota County."
Mitt Romney : Says Texas’ unemployment rate has doubled on Rick Perry’s watch.
Antonio Sabato Jr. : Says President Barack Obama is "absolutely" a Muslim.
Johnny Isakson : "One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government."
Nathan Deal : Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the state’s residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
Barack Obama : "We cut our deficits by more than half."
Instagram posts : Says Eric Trump said he “raised nearly $30 million for children dying of cancer at St. Jude before the age of 30.”
Bloggers : Says Hillary Clinton sold 20 percent of America’s uranium to Russia and then "the Russian government gave $145 million to the Clinton Foundation." Former FBI Director and special counsel Robert Mueller "delivered it."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin "proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme" that "even Nancy Pelosi voted against it."
John Kasich : Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the party’s convention, and seven of those times "somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party."
Ben Carson : There is not "one of the Muslim nations" that doesn't have "discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs."
Barack Obama : Measures in Barack Obama's health plan could "lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year."
National Rifle Association : "Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment….Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns."
Chris Abele : Property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move into Milwaukee County.
Lawrence Summers : On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
Garry McCarthy : Says Chicago "had the lowest murder rates in a generation" during his time as police superintendent.
Facebook posts : A photo shows a massive crowd at a recent Florida rally for Donald Trump.
Facebook posts : An audit of the 2020 election in Maricopa County, Ariz., “is confirming the rumors that real ballots have a special watermark.”
Jim McDermott : "Most" of the Bush tax cuts went to people "in the top 3 percent of this country."
Barack Obama : "Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine."
Senate Leadership Fund : Says "Catherine Cortez Masto failed Nevada rape victims. While attorney general, thousands of rape kits were never sent for DNA analysis."
Viral image : “Child support card” in Delaware "controls what mothers can and cannot buy with child support money.”
Joseph Yost : "One third of our age group (Millennials) have moved back in with their parents."
Facebook posts : Says the Asian, Hong Kong, swine and bird flus each “killed more people than coronavirus.”
David Dewhurst : Says he "passed" eight measures, including ones to prevent groping at airport security checks and to bar "sanctuary" cities in Texas.
Lucy Flores : Says Ruben Kihuen "only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced" during the 2015 legislative session.
Rebecca Kleefisch : Says "Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care"
Susana Martinez : The Richardson-Denish administration "gave" 50,000 driver's licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
Kelly Ayotte : The deficit this year could pay "all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years."
Allan Ritter : "In my 12 years in the House, I have watched my district go from a solidly Democratic district to a heavily solid Republican district."
Charlie Crist : "I didn't endorse" the federal stimulus bill.
Donald Trump : "In seven years that (nuclear) deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons."
Jeff Merkley : "Social Security has never contributed one cent to the deficit. Not one cent."
Ben Carson : "We've had examples like in Yuma County, where we've been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish."
Mark Sanford : Says former Clinton budget director Alice Rivlin said the stimulus bill "won't actually stimulate the economy."
Tucker Carlson : Says Kamala Harris "said she believed that Joe Biden committed sexual assault against various women.”
Chris McCalla : "An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) ban’s implementation in Ohio’s hospitality industry alone."
Bill Nelson : Says Connie Mack voted to redefine "rape" as "forcible rape."
Patriot News Alerts : "U.S. government reports record tax haul after Trump tax cuts spur economic growth."
Pete Buttigieg : Says President Donald Trump has been "taking money Congress authorized to protect people facing disaster in order to indefinitely detain asylum seekers."
Chris Dorworth : Says Florida is one of a few or perhaps the only state "that has a statewide review of local land use and zoning decisions."
Alliance for America's Future : "We just can’t afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits."
Facebook posts : Says the FDA will now require sealed ice cream cartons in response to the Blue Bell ice cream licker, thus driving up the cost for consumers.
Bernie Sanders : "Private insurance companies in this country spend between 12 and 18 percent on administration costs. The cost of administering the Medicare program, a very popular program that works well for our seniors, is 2 percent. We can save approximately $500 billion a year just in administration costs."
New Hampshire Democratic Party : Says Jon Huntsman supports changes in Medicare that would deny guaranteed benefits to 980,000 New Hampshire residents.
Herman Cain : "Every worker pays 15.3 percent payroll tax."
John Bolton : Says Vladimir Putin once said, "The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century."
Charlie Baird : "We've had the same leadership in the Travis County DA's office for 30 years."
Peter Courtney : Says, "Statistics indicate that one in eight children, and one in 18 adults in Oregon suffers from mental illness."
Facebook posts : “People Of Color May Be Immune To The Coronavirus Because Of Melanin.”
National Republican Senatorial Committee : “[Steve] Bullock’s health care plan will force rural hospitals to close. Medicare as we know it will change, replaced by a government-run program with fewer doctors and longer wait times.”
David Barton : "Powerful Houston Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County) and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials."
Pete Gallego : Says 97 percent of food stamp benefits "are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible."
Anitere Flores : For the new state budget, "Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."
Florida Democratic Party : "Congressman McCollum voted to dismantle Social Security."
Independence USA PAC : "Toomey crossed party lines… to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list."
Rush Limbaugh : "A married couple that" use the same last name "is rarer and rarer in our country."
Media Matters : Says Fox News gave Republican senators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about the Islamic State.
Regina Benjamin : "The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education."
Barack Obama : The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation "than the pet food industry invests in its own products."
Robert Gibbs : "A middle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax."
Chip Roy : Says Wisconsin has not had a spike in coronavirus cases that was “statistically significant related to the fact that they had voting.”
Corey Stewart : Tim Kaine: "opposes everything President Trump does."
Rob Portman : Since the Democrats’ stimulus went into effect last year, Ohio has lost about 150,000 Jobs.
Mick Mulvaney : "They voted for (a border wall) in 2006. Then-Senator Obama voted for it. Sen. Schumer voted for it. Sen. Clinton voted for it."
Sherrod Brown : "Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies" but want to cut food stamps.
Bob Casey : Federal agents in Portland have been “kidnapping and holding citizens without charges.”
Roy Cooper : Last year, Democrats won nearly 50% of the vote, yet they hold only 38% of the seats in the state House and 30% of the seats in the state Senate.
Rick Perry : My "border security efforts have led to a 60 percent decrease in border crime."
NARAL Pro-Choice America : "In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a 'pro-life' candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice."
Richard Corcoran : Says Miami-Dade Circuit Court Judge Milton Hirsch "is constantly overturned."
Alberta Darling : Limiting labor negotiations to only wages is "how it is for the most part in the private sector."
Lawrence O'Donnell : Says critics called the original GI Bill "welfare."
Dana Wachs : Says Scott Walker's "listening sessions" are "invite-only and excluding the press."
Seema Verma : "Yet, for all that spending, health outcomes today on Medicaid are mediocre and many patients have difficulty accessing care.”
Andy Biggs : "States like New York, Illinois and California have been vocal in their demands for funding to bail out their pension systems, which were failing long before the COVID-19 outbreak, and other programs that aren’t related to this crisis."
Scott Walker : "The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees."
David Cicilline : "The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue."
Chris Christie : Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and "we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States."
Gary Johnson : "I am going to be on the ballot in all 50 states. There is no other third-party candidate that’s going to come close to achieving that."
George LeMieux : Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack "took seven and a half years to finish college."
Wes Riddle : Says U.S. is giving seven Alaskan islands to Russia.
Donald Trump : "Here in Philadelphia murder has been steady — I mean — just terribly increasing."
Tavis Smiley : "This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARS was in 2003."
Steve West : "PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES that manufacture vaccines have IMMUNITY FROM PROSECUTION!"
Sheldon Whitehouse : The United States "decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution."
Matt Mackowiak : In Texas public schools, "we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year."
TJ Donovan : "Most of the requests for records possessed by the Attorney General’s Office are from private law firms and companies."
Wisconsin Department of Transportation : "Wisconsin's driver licenses and identification (ID) cards are currently the most secure in the nation."
Robert Brown : "We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process."
David Dewhurst : Says he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese.
Donald Trump : "I have tremendous support from women."
Alex Sink : "Nobody has been talking about it (Medicaid fraud), focused on it, or paying attention to it."
Bloggers : Says you can get a free $100 Lowe’s coupon by answering a few questions
Rick Scott : "Our credit rating went up since I've been in office."
Betty Sutton : Says Tom Ganley has been "sued over 400 times, for fraud, discrimination and more," and "a judge called Tom Ganley's business practices "deceptive and unconscionable."
Viral image : When Joe Biden’s son Hunter was serving as "a director to Ukraine’s largest private gas producer," the elder Biden "threatened to withhold $1 BILLION in U.S. aid to Ukraine if they didn’t fire a prosecutor looking into" the gas company.
Facebook posts : Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it "has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993."
Greg Abbott : The 2015 Legislature "passed the fewest laws in 20 years."
Hillary Clinton : "Americans haven’t had a raise in 15 years."
American Future Fund : Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich "spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas."
Planned Parenthood : Says McCain "voted to let governments charge rape victims" for forensic exams.
Maria Cantwell : "7 million more Americans are uninsured now than when President Trump was elected."
Marco Rubio : "We have an Army that just cut 40,000 spots."
Donald Trump : Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal said he served in Vietnam in "Da Nang Province. Soldiers dying left and right as we battled up the hill." And "then he cried when (the press) caught him."
Alex Sink : "As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man."
Donald Trump : Says "Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget."
Sally Kohn : "White men account for 69 percent of those arrested for violent crimes."
Consumers for Smart Solar : "Amendment 1 protects Florida seniors from scams and rip-offs."
Mahlon Mitchell : Wisconsin has "the fastest-shrinking middle class in the country."
Mike Pence : Under Obamacare, "American families have seen an increase in premiums of $5,000."
Facebook posts : If protesters blocking the road “start banging on your windows, threatening you and trying to get in your vehicle,” it is legal to “hit the gas and plow through them.”
Roxanne Ross : Multnomah County’s food action plan "clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice."
Rick Scott : "We have invested record funding in protecting our environment."
Viral image : “Wayfair CEO steps down.”
Barack Obama : John McCain wants to "give oil companies another $4-billion" in tax breaks.
Gordon Hintz : Republicans are “trying to create a fake unemployment insurance crisis.”
Howard Dean : "There’s a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing" as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.
Donald Trump : Says President Barack Obama’s recent New York fundraising trip "cost between $25 million and $50 million."
Hillary Clinton : Under Donald Trump's tax plan, "51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up."
Austinites for Geographic Representation : "Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation" on its city council.
Atlanta neighborhood association : The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
Bloggers : Three naked women in photo are campaigning for the Democrats.
Mike Pence : Says Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, "also said, ‘And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote."
Jim Hightower : Says Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature "managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session," reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires.
Social Media : Says "thousands" at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting "We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back."
Liz Wheeler : A “peer reviewed, scientific study showed that the COVID-19 vaccine causes two deaths for every three lives it saves.”
Jeff Flake : When undocumented children are picked up at the border and "told to appear later in court ... 90 percent do not then show up."
Joe Biden : On home health workers’ low pay and limited benefits, “40% are still on SNAP or Medicaid.”
James Cenerini : When you compare our state pension system "to other systems throughout the country, our benefits are not gold-plated. They are not rich. They are actually average or below average."
Bloggers : Says Manny Pacquiao, Usain Bolt and Princes William and Harry have donated tens of millions of dollars to Hurricane Harvey victims.
Bloggers : President Donald Trump "announced that he would reinstate a national day of remembrance for fallen officers that the traitor before him had done away with."
Florida Chamber of Commerce : "Insured Floridians pay about $2,000 for every hospital stay to cover the cost of the uninsured."
Donald Trump : Says Madison and Milwaukee County both carry sanctuary status for illegal immigrants and released undocumented immigrants who have committed multiple crimes including sexual assault of a child
Tweets : "If the Dow Joans ever falls more than 1000 ‘points’ in a Single Day the sitting president should be 'loaded' into a very big cannon and Shot into the sun at TREMENDOUS SPEED! No excuses!"
Mike Huckabee : "Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren."
Chain email : "Why was there no news coverage of this raid on the Arizona border? … Seizure was just five days ago. Right on the Arizona border!"
Rachel Maddow : Marco Rubio's "economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit."
Dave Brat : Abigail Spanberger "wants a tax increase of $32 trillion - that’s with a `T,’ to pay for her socialist health care plan."
Donald Trump : "I did not — I did not — I do not say that. I do not say that" climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.
Patrick Morrisey : Says Joe Manchin "supported Obama and Clinton's campaigns to kill coal jobs."
David Perdue : Says Congressman Jack Kingston voted to "raise his pay seven times."
Restore Our Future : Says Rick Santorum "voted to let convicted felons vote."
Paul Ryan : Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, "for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job."
Kimberly Nelson : "The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States."
Stephen Archambault : Rhode Island is "at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities."
Michael Sullivan : Says the director of NASA says its main mission is Muslim outreach.
Erik Wallin : Says Peter Kilmartin voted "in favor of expanding the 'good behavior' statute to sex offenders."
Marco Rubio : Common Core is being "used by the Obama Administration to turn the Department of Education into what is effectively a national school board."
Chuck Todd : In Florida, "the number of voters who now register as ‘other’ has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000."
West Virginia Republican Party : "Middle-class income rose to a record level in 2017 as the strong economy lifted the fortunes of more Americans."
Tim Kaine : Says that during President Barack Obama’s tenure, the United States has created "15 million new jobs."
Bruce Starr : Other states have considered or have sunset advisory commissions; the federal government has the ability, too.
Nina Turner : When "the governor announced his ‘jobs budget,’ 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day."
Facebook posts : Says Islamic studies professor Tariq Ramadan said Muslims are here "to colonize the U.S. and Canada and spread Sharia law" and won’t "hesitate to use violent Jihad" if they have to.
Paul Ryan : Says U.S. Senate Democrats "have gone without any budget at all" for more than 1,000 days.
Jim Webb : The poorest counties in the U.S. are in Appalachia and "happen to be more than 90 percent white."
Chris Christie : Says his administration balanced "two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes."
Barack Obama : Since 2009, "we've cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third."
The Politico News : "Breaking: four million Democrat votes just declared fraudulent."
truthcommand.com : "Now it’s official: FDA announced that vaccines are causing autism."
Colin Van Ostern : "I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,"
Facebook posts : “Go to antifa.com and it takes you to Biden’s White House! … Just a slap in the face.”
Instagram posts : "Deep RED cities are not boarding up" and the National Guard is "not being called in, in case Biden wins."
Jennifer Parrish : "Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program."
Donald Trump : Says Conor Lamb "ran on a campaign that said very nice things about me."
Hillary Clinton : Says the difference between her and Barack Obama is "about 35 years of experience."
Jon Stewart : Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slaves' freedom in border states, but the states "all rejected it."
Mark Warner : "The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America"
Loranne Ausley : "(Jeff) Atwater's busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish it's dubbed the 'Taj Mahal,' $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor."
City of Atlanta : Red light camera installed to "promote public safety."
Joe Donnelly : "At (Mike Braun’s) company, the deductible on his health care is $10,000."
Nathan Deal : "During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million."
Michelle Malkin : Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a "female impersonator."
Barack Obama : "George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood."
Kendrick Meek : "The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling."
John Cornyn : Says that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border.
Herman Cain : "Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security."
Dave Schwartz : "Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently don’t accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low."
Facebook posts : “The Biden Administration is buying Kamala Harris’ book with our taxpayer dollars.”
Beto O'Rourke : "To be clear, I’m not talking about confiscating anybody’s guns."
Viral image : “COVID-19 infections down 61% from Trump’s last day. COVID-19 vaccinations up 85% from Trump’s last day. Competence Matters.”
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Domino's or Pizza Hut.
Viral image : “Joe Biden’s great-grandfather Joseph J. Biden was a slave-owner and fought” for the Confederacy.
Lincoln Chafee : "If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan we’ll be the first state in the nation to do this.’’
Jesse Watters : “We were slow with the testing, but very quick with the travel ban. And that's been much more critical in saving lives.”
Bloggers : Says photo of man shows "diseases coming across the border."
WashingtonSources : "Trump votes for death penalty for being gay."
Ron DeSantis : The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s recent guidance on students and masking “lacks a well-grounded scientific justification.”
Jeff Chapman : Georgia has “more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.”
Tom Malinowski : Says New Jersey Rep. Leonard Lance voted repeatedly "to let insurance companies charge more to people aged 50 and over."
Ken Lanci : Ken Lanci is a lifelong Clevelander
Armond Budish : "Across the United States, 25 percent of voting age African Americans do not have the photo ID that this bill would require."
Wayne LaPierre : Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, "wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat."
Bill Nelson : "Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Florida's public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances."
Terry McAuliffe : A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli
Bill Maher : "More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013."
Paul Ryan : Says Joe Biden "went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldn't second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations."
Kevin McCarthy : In Iowa, "they have allowed a little over 300 people to re-vote."
Bill Clinton : "We moved 100 times as many people out of poverty as moved out when President (Ronald) Reagan was in office, with 40 percent more jobs."
Peter DeFazio : Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
Jim Justice : "Hunters contribute more than $500 million" to West Virginia.
Instagram posts : “Joe Biden is no longer the President-elect according to RealClearPolitics.”
Boyd Richie : Says Rep. Ken Legler "voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes."
Rob Teilhet : Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
Instagram posts : People charged in the Jan. 6 assault on the U.S. Capitol are “political prisoners” and “non-violent trespassers” who have been held in solitary confinement for the past six months.
Donald Trump : "I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East."
Susan Collins : Says Sara Gideon "voted to defund" the Freeport police "and gave the money to a nonprofit she helped run."
Ron Paul : "We're spending $1 trillion a year on our foreign policy."
Donald Trump : Says in his 2000 book "I was talking about Osama bin Laden. I said, ‘You have to kill him. You have to take him out.’"
Orly Taitz : Birthers have obtained a copy of Obama's Kenyan birth certificate.
Family Forward Oregon : Says paid family leave is "a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world."
Tim Kaine : Says Hillary Clinton "went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russia's nuclear stockpile."
Facebook posts : The El Paso and Dayton shootings were "false flag" attacks coordinated by the "deep state."
Rick Perry : "The city of Houston now has more debt per capita than California."
Donald Trump : "Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years!"
CNSNews : Says "under Oregon law, girls from 15 years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not."
Andrew Cuomo : "Thirty years ago we were the most college-educated country on the globe. Today we are No. 11."
Facebook posts : “Two stamps needed for mail-in ballots.”
Facebook posts : Says image shows Pete Buttigieg in a leather suit posing with two other men.
Warren Daniel : North Carolina’s health department is "telling hospitals that if they decide to do elective surgeries, they won’t be eligible to receive (protective equipment) from the state.”
West Virginia Republican Party : "Thanks to President Trump and Republican leadership, the number of people collecting food stamps has declined by more than two million."
Facebook posts : CDC "will revoke the emergency use authorization" of the PCR COVID tests because those tests don't differentiate between COVID and flu viruses. "Translation: They've been adding flu cases to Covid cases when using that test.”
Marco Rubio : The Obama administration "spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."
Rand Paul : 40 percent of illegal immigrants "had a visa and then became illegal," mostly because "they changed jobs."
Sarah Palin : Vice President Joe Biden's meeting "with the transparency and accountability board . . . was closed to the public."
Carly Fiorina : "One of the things I would immediately do … is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn’t want to hear."
Ted Poe : The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
Mitt Romney : Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that "at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion."
John McCain : "Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"
Viral image : Says Chelsea Clinton tweeted, “The more I hear about Bill Gates behavior the more ashamed for him I feel. What kind of man pursues a physical relationship with an underling and has relations with her in their office???”
AFL-CIO : "The Postal Service is not losing money because of Amazon. It’s losing money because in 2006, the Republican-led Congress passed a law forcing it to prepay its pensions for 75 years, which no other corporation does ... Without this law, the Postal Service would be turning a profit.”
Randy Forbes : "The IRS doesn't have to prove something against you ... you've got the burden of proof."
Facebook posts : Says President Barack Obama was "furious" that he was caught on camera holding a pro-Muslim book.
John McCain : "Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years."
Robert Sarvis : "Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year."
Rick Scott : "The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years."
Andrew Cuomo : Says middle-class New York State residents will have the "lowest tax rate in 70 years."
Scott Walker : "Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year."
Democratic Party of Georgia : David Perdue led efforts to ship thousands of jobs overseas.
Ted Cruz : Says a company that got tax breaks from the state later "laid off 100 Ohioans, even as its CEO cut a half-million-dollar check to Kasich’s super PAC."
Sean Hannity : "All of Texas is conservative, except a little bit of Austin."
Facebook posts : Says “Hugo Chavez’s family still owns” Dominion Voting Systems.
EMILY's List : Says Jeb Bush "once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all."
Joseph McNamara : "About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese."
Viral image : "2,000 illegal aliens were arrested by ICE in 2017 for murders committed here in the United States!"
Duriya Farooqui : "Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources."
Mike Parson : "All Missouri businesses can open Monday, May 4, under our new Order as long as new guidelines are followed."
American Civil Liberties Union of Florida : Florida has "the most errors and exonerations from death row."
Bernie Sanders : Says the Koch Brothers sponsored "a study that shows that Medicare for All would save the American people $2 trillion over a 10-year period."
Barack Obama : "Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing."
Donald Trump : A "horrible law" requires that children be separated from their parents "once they cross the Border into the U.S."
Tom Barrett : Says Gov. Scott Walker is "cooking the books" by releasing numbers "he just dreamed up" that show Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011.
Facebook posts : A Marine painted his house red, white and blue after he "was told by his neighbors that he could not fly the American flag in his yard all year long."
Donald Trump : Says Ilhan Omar "partied" on the anniversary of 9/11.
Barack Obama : "The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that haven’t raised the minimum wage."
Joe Manchin : "Black lung cases are at a 25-year high."
Herman Cain : Says "in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. That's why people have to wait."
Chain email : You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
Bob Gibbs : "If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance."
David Frum : "We’ve seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- it’s down nearly two-thirds over the past generation."
Rod Smith : Says Rick Scott's proposed budget "would lay off 20,000 teachers."
Donald Trump : "Black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country."
Jeb Bush : "There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s."
Facebook posts : Says Target ended its “Heroes & Helpers” program that pairs children with police officers for holiday shopping trips.
Facebook posts : "97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states."
Robin Vos : When it comes to income taxes, Wisconsin is "one of the best places in the country to be poor" but "top 4 or 5 worst" for middle-income earners.
Saxby Chambliss : With Obamacare, "we're fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen."
Donald Trump Jr. : Says Osama bin Laden endorsed Joe Biden
Jeb Bush : "In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state."
Democratic National Committee : John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
Viral image : The CDC said it “made a mistake” and reduced its count of Florida COVID-19 cases from 90,000 to 11,000.
Steve Loomis : Says the state’s new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions' ability to negotiate.
Barack Obama : Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.
Phil Burress : "Every major religion is opposed to same-sex marriage."
Ann McLane Kuster : Says she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills.
Donald Trump : Election officials are “sending 80 million ballots all over the country. Eighty million ballots, non-requested. I call them ‘unsolicited ballots.’”
Bernie Sanders : Says a 2007 immigration bill “was opposed by (the League of United Latin American Citizens), the largest Latino organization in America. The Southern Poverty Law Center called its guest-worker programs akin to slavery. … And you know who voted with me on that one, Joe? Barack Obama.”
Nathan Deal : The  Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.
Texas Association of School Boards : "Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states."
Rodney Davis : House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s “office was calling the shots on all of their (Capitol security officials’) actions on Jan. 6.”
Elizabeth Cohen : "If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person."
Politicono.com : "Pence: ‘Michelle Obama Is The Most Vulgar First Lady We’ve Ever Had’"
Lou Greenwald : "In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi & Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind."
Jerry Patterson : Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation "was supported by a majority of" Texans.
Viral image : A photograph shows Barack Obama kissing David Cameron.
E.W. Jackson : Says President Obama "is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels..."
Paul Ryan : After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, "Democrats derailed it."
The Other 98% : Says Fox News anchor Shepard Smith stepped down after Attorney General William Barr "had a closed door meeting with Rupert Murdoch."
Barack Obama : If you "already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have."
Facebook posts : Says Cracker Barrel’s name has racist origins and its logo depicts a whip.
Dan Bishop : Said Dan McCready "got nearly $1 million in support from a Nancy Pelosi aligned dark money org in the 2018 election cycle right after he tweeted, ‘Dark money has no place in our politics’."
Hillary Clinton : "There have been more than 270 mass shootings in the United States in the last year alone. That’s where four or more are killed."
Talgo Inc. : The Milwaukee business community "did not speak about the facts" -- and in support of train manufacturer Talgo -- as the Milwaukee-Madison rail link was being killed.
Donald Trump : "So now they take drugs, literally, and they throw it, a hundred pounds of drugs. They throw it over the wall, they have catapults, but they throw it over the wall, and it lands and it hits somebody on the head."
Michael Moore : In Flint, Mich., "the pipes still haven't been replaced. The water is still poisoned."
Jack Whitver : Before COVID-19, “Iowa had one of the lowest unemployment rates in the country, and many employers were scrambling to find qualified employees to fill their job openings.”
Viral image : For the first time in U.S. history, a one-year-old appears in court as a defendant.
Ohio Republican Party : "President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion."
Marco Rubio : "Forty percent of people in this country, illegally, are overstaying visas."
Ron Johnson : Israel cut its illegal immigration rate by "99 percent" by constructing a 143-mile fence along its southern border.
Marco Rubio : Under Obamacare, "75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours."
Terry Katsma : "The rainy day fund … is $320 million. That's much more than what it has been in the past."
Dana Rohrabacher : Democrats "setup" and "manipulated" the political violence in Charlottesville
Sunny Hostin : “Homicides are intraracial. When you look at white-on-white crime, it's 84%. Right? Homicides. White people kill white people.”
Julian Bond : "The incidents of threats against (President Barack Obama) are greater than for any other president in modern times."
Americans For Prosperity, North Carolina chapter : There are "500 failing schools in North Carolina"
Ron Paul : The U.S. military "is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world."
Florida Education Association : "Richard Corcoran has a plan to divert even more of our tax dollars to unaccountable private schools."
Bob Buckhorn : Says he "secured the highest possible bond rating" for the city of Tampa.
Christine Radogno : We (in Illinois) have the fifth-highest tax burden in the country.
Tim Pawlenty : "There's no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic."
Raphael Warnock : Says Kelly Loeffler supports "raising taxes on Georgia's middle class."
Steve Forbes : "Two-thirds of the people who start out in minimum wage are above the minimum wage within a year."
Chris Christie : "(Assembly Democrats) wanted to raise the gas tax by $2.4 billion. We said no to that....They’re down on the ground. They’re sweating. They’re twitching. It’s ugly, ‘cause I keep saying no."
Donald Trump : "In many instances, (people's) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent, which, by the way, is a first in American history."
David Dewhurst : Dan Patrick "got caught not paying his taxes" and "pocketed his employees’ payroll taxes."
Paul Broun : Says U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have "even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times."
Mike Huckabee : Says he "raised average family income by 50 percent" during his tenure as Arkansas governor.
Facebook posts : Says President Trump has ordered the military to take over “major corrupt cities” to stay in office and that U.S. citizens will receive emergency alerts on their devices.
George Flinn : Says that "when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent."
Jerome R. Corsi : Says Dr. Anthony Fauci's name appears on "4 U.S. patents for a key glycoprotein” used to “create the current COVID-19 epidemic.”
Jim Sensenbrenner : "104 House Democrats voted for impeachment before the Ukraine call took place."
Newt Gingrich : Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is "waste, or fraud, they can’t validate that the people should have gotten it," totaling about $8 billion a year.
Nancy Pelosi : "The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down."
Facebook posts : “A Miracle! Only 23 Americans Tested Positive for Flu Last Week Compared to 14,657 Cases Reported Last Year at Same Time.”
Newt Gingrich : "We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security."
John McCain : "Sen. Obama's campaign announced that he's choosing his cabinet."
Facebook posts : “These are real to date pictures taken during the Million (MAGA) March 2020.”
Rick Perry : "I became a Republican sooner in my life than" Ronald Reagan did in his.
Clayton County Government : "Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta."
Arizona Democratic Party : Says Rep. Martha McSally "has repeatedly tried to limit women’s access to birth control, and she even cosponsored a bill to make contraception more expensive for women."
Barack Obama : "Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare — $882-billion worth."
Viral image : The CDC lifting mask guidelines “out of the blue with no solid explanation proves they lied to you the whole time about everything.”
Stephanie Cutter : Says Paul Ryan's budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.
Bill Maher : Under a proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, people on Medicare will only have $15,000 from the federal government to spend on their health care.
Rick Scott : "In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation."
Dream Defenders : "Over 12,000 school kids were arrested in Florida. It makes Florida the nation's leader in that area."
Ted Cruz : "There is clear legal authority to handcuff and put in leg irons legislators that are trying to stop the legislature from being able to do business."
Barack Obama : "Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Lock’s unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity."
Herman Cain : "This is the worst jobs recovery since the Great Depression."
Bloggers : Say Bernie Sanders "won Nevada after all."
Jim Moran : Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
George P. Bush : Says a video shared to his social media shows vehicles with broken windows in a parking garage used by state agencies in Texas on “the same night the City of Austin voted to cut $150 million” from the police department.”
Facebook posts : "The daughter of Sen. Coons (D-DE), along with 7 other underaged girls are featured on Hunter's laptop! - Breitbart News"
Mark Geist : "We defied the stand-down orders" during the Benghazi attack.
Joe Negron : "For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important."
Sarah Palin : "One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects."
Allen Boyd : Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, "there were still folks who didn't have phone service. Soon I'd helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone."
Lamar Smith : "The Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) has estimated that the Obama administration’s Power Plan will cause energy costs in Texas to rise as much as 16 percent per year."
Vicki Saporta : "There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States."
Tammy Baldwin : Says she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program "because it was unfunded."
Facebook posts : Says Kamala Harris wants to eliminate beef.
Adam Putnam : "Congressman DeSantis voted to cut Social Security and Medicare" and "voted to increase the retirement age."
Eugene Robinson : The "post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim."
DeAnna Lorraine : “No prominent Democrats have had the virus but the list of Republicans goes on and on.”
Denny Hoskins : The sports betting bill would create "$12.5 million to $30.9 million in additional revenue for the state"
David Cicilline : Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because there's been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
Donald Trump : With Obamacare, "You have no options .. you can't get competitive bidding."
Mitt Romney : "(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs."
Bill Clinton : "80 percent of the American people haven’t gotten a pay raise since the crash."
Richard Cordray : Says "Mike DeWine wanted to allow insurance companies to refuse to pay for pre-existing conditions."
Jill Karofsky : “A farm with 2,500 dairy cattle is similar in waste load to a city of 411,000 people.”
National Republican Congressional Committee : U.S. Rep. John Barrow’s plan "puts the IRS in charge of your health care."
Bloggers : Under the House Republican health plan, sexual assault is a pre-existing condition.
Roy Cooper : “North Carolina during this pandemic had among the lowest COVID-related deaths, as well as job losses per capita.”
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows armed soldiers protecting Joe Biden’s inauguration.
Donald Trump : Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown and Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley were "totally misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with."
Donald Trump : Says delegates can't "legally" change the Republican National Convention rules to prevent Donald Trump’s nomination.
Patrick Murphy : "91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted."
Gary Johnson : Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.
Oregon 2014 : "In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan."
Don Gaetz : "We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief."
Chris Christie : Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
Michele Bachmann : Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."
Heidi Heitkamp : Says "On the Public Service Commission, (Kevin Cramer) raised his pay to over $93,650."
Tony Evers : A study of where teachers apply to work found that "less than 5 percent wanted to work in rural Wisconsin."
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney "backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest."
Alcee Hastings : Florida election officials’ requests to some residents to submit proof of citizenship is a "backdoor poll tax."
Donna Brazile : "Forty-five percent of those who've been unemployed, they've been unemployed for six months or longer."
Kelly Cassidy : "In states that have legalized (recreational marijuana), you see steady decreases in youth use if you do it right."
Ron Johnson : With federal stimulus money for schools, “no distinctions are being made between Wisconsin schools that remain closed to in-person learning, and those that have been re-opened for months.”
Bloggers : Says Bernie Sanders "wins California landslide, But ⅔ of his votes aren’t counted."
David Axelrod : The GOP's "Pledge to America" includes "a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget."
John Robitaille : His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
Bill Nelson : If Gov. Rick Scott activates "the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the state’s costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA."
Hillary Clinton : Says Bernie Sanders "was against the auto bailout" and "voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry."
Pat McCrory : Says Bruce Springsteen "only had 8,000 tickets sold" for a Greensboro show and canceled after "they didn’t get the ticket sales they wanted."
John Kasich : "Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent."
Hillary Clinton : "Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill."
Angel Taveras : "In Connecticut and New York, students at Achievement First schools consistently outperform city and statewide averages."
Eugene McKenna : "There’s at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, … it could be as high as 22,000."
EmpireSports.co : "Colorado Rockies baseball team to sell marijuana brownies at their concession stands."
Rob Portman : A year since the "Recovery Summer," there has been been "a fall, winter and spring of no recovery."
Facebook posts : Says the names of CNN anchors Chris Cuomo, Brian Stelter and Jake Tapper were on the flight logs of Jeffrey Epstein’s private plane.
Donald Trump : The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."
Mike Huebsch : Damage by protesters to the Wisconsin state Capitol will cost $7.5 million to repair.
Jeb Bush : "Already, a prototype driverless car has traveled more than 300,000 miles in the crowded maze of California streets without a single accident."
Pete Gallego : Will Hurd "tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record."
Barack Obama : "More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled — doubled — since we were children."
Donald Trump : "When I became president, President Obama had a separation policy. I didn’t have it. He had it."
Jon Erpenbach : When it comes to urgency on passing a budget repair bill, "there’s no rush on this thing" because the fiscal year doesn’t end until June 30, 2011.
Charles Krauthammer : The Israelis "gave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant."
Bill Clinton : "(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee."
Florida Democratic Party : Rick Scott "increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits."
Cynthia Lummis : Under Obama's budget plan, families making over $250,000 are "going to lose their mortgage deduction, their charitable deductions."
Facebook posts : News organizations and sponsors ignored the accomplishments of Kim Rhode, a six-time Olympic medalist, because of her support of the Second Amendment.
Garnet Coleman : Says that in some Texas communities, "our unemployment rate is still at 10 and 20 percent."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump."
Facebook posts : “Violent crime in South Bend doubled during Mayor Pete’s tenure.”
Rush Holt : "We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesn’t support any of these ideas."
Club for Growth : Says Beto O'Rourke's "father-in-law, a billionaire real estate developer who bankrolled a Super PAC to buy Beto a congressional seat…"
Glenn Beck : Forty-five percent of doctors "say they'll quit" if health care reform passes.
Edward Flynn : In 2012, there were nearly 12.2 million arrests and only 410 "uses of deadly force" by police in the United States.
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : "The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin."
Facebook posts : “BREAKING: Pennsylvania initiated a FULL audit of the RIGGED ELECTION”
Curtis Foltz : "The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated."
Phil Ruffin : Says Donald Trump "always pays his bills promptly."
Doreen Costa : "This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants]."
Facebook posts : “Pelosi’s $1.9 trillion bailout gives EVERY federal employee a $21,000 bonus check… they never lost their job!”
Nicholas Kettle : "If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates."
Howard Marklein : Says Gov. Tony Evers and Lt. Gov. Mandela Barnes, after police shooting of Jacob Blake, "did not call for peace. They did not encourage calm.
Mark Pocan : Says Donald Trump's claim that "there was insufficient evidence and therefore, in our country, a person is innocent" directly contradicts Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s statement.
Scott Walker : "We invested" in our transportation system "$24 billion over eight years. That’s $3 billion more than what former Governor Jim Doyle spent on transportation over the same period of time."
Dan Forest : Charlotte’s anti-discrimination ordinance would have "opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times" if it hadn’t been overturned.
Facebook posts : There are “absolutely no patients” at Los Angeles hospital considered the center of region's COVID-19 surge.
Jim Renacci : "President Trump is still supported by almost 85 percent of the Republican Party in the state of Ohio, and that's from recent polling, and still has a 58 percent approval rating in Ohio."
Chain email : State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
Joe Biden : "Barack Obama hasn't passed any (bills)."
Evan Bayh : "The fastest-growing part of the Pentagon’s budget are health care expenses."
Tim Kaine : "For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half."
Pharmaceutical Research and Manfacturers of America : "Speaker Pelosi's drug pricing plan would siphon $1 trillion or more from biopharmaceutical innovators over the next 10 years. CBO's preliminary estimate found this bill ‘would result in lower spending on research and development and thus reduce the introduction of new drugs.’"
Arthenia Joyner : Says Jeb Bush "significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election."
Bloggers : John Hagee calls for "prosecuting women who say God’s name during intercourse."
Charlie Crist : Marco Rubio "wants to raise the Social Security retirement age," and "cut benefits."
Alan Grayson : Dan Webster "would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attacker's child."
Ben Carson : "Go look on the West Point website and you’ll see those specific words, ‘full scholarship to West Point.’ So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used."
Viral image : Says Socrates said, "When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the losers."
Kamala Harris : "It's clear in our country right now, almost half of American families are a $400 unexpected expense away from complete upheaval."
Donald Trump : The number of illegal immigrants "could be 3 million. It could be 30 million."
Jim Sullivan : Says he "led the effort to build a new (University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee) engineering campus in Wauwatosa."
Jeff Weems : Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
John Fleming : "The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth."
Chris Christie : "Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor."
Facebook posts : Black Lives Matter demonstrators attack “elderly man wearing oxygen.”
Joe Biden : "When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did."
Viral image : Students no longer say the Pledge of Allegiance in schools.
Bloggers : BREAKING: Trump Just Ended Welfare For One HUGE Group For 5 Years!
John McCain : Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
Hillary Clinton : "More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent."
Jack Kingston : "Sixteen [federal] programs exist to fight homelessness" and some of them are duplicative.
Mike Keown : "It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000."
Facebook posts : “Military tribunals start Jan. 20, 2021.”
Eve Schatelowitz Alcantar : “In this judicial race, special interest groups have demanded money from me, in exchange for endorsement and support.”
Patriot Majority USA : A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will "overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy."
Jennifer Williamson : Says "One-third of our healthcare dollars go to wasteful insurance billing and bureaucracy."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump tweeted, “Corona vaccine from Israel! Stock market up! Economy even stronger now! Besides US, Israel best at inventions: Judaism, olives. Wonderful vaccine, will stop Corona DEAD around world. Can’t make vaccines when being bombed, not have been possible without peace I created in Israel!”
Charlie Crist : Says Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects.
Tim Kaine : Virginia ranked near the bottom of the nation 50 years ago in per capita income but is in the top 10 today. It had a "very low" rate of higher education attainment but is now above the national average.
David Axelrod : When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.
Annie's List : Even "though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats)."
Marie Ghazal : "Rhode Island has the highest percentage of uninsured adults of any state in New England."
Dean Heller : Says Jacky Rosen promised "to repeal middle-class tax cut."
Bernie Sanders : "(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care."
Newt Gingrich : "No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say ‘Merry Christmas.’"
Donald Trump : "Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. It's true. I get far bigger crowds."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says Steve Kagen "promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost."
Sheldon Whitehouse : The oceans "have become 30 percent more acidic."
Michael Kearns : Undocumented drivers "have protections that US citizens don’t receive under Green light bill."
Matt Wand : Says "Every time the Legislature 'suspended' the kicker, most recently the corporate kicker in 2007, Salem spent every penny and failed to stabilize the state's revenues."
Environment New Jersey : "Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever."
Xavier Becerra : "There is no law that deals specifically with the term ‘partial-birth abortion.’”
Tom Graves : "More Americans believe the moon landing was fake than believe Obamacare is affordable."
Ralph Nader : "I didn't say" it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
Sylvester Turner : "The Katy Freeway, or Interstate 10 west of Houston, is the widest freeway in the world, with up to 26 lanes, including frontage road lanes."
Andrew Yang : "I'm one of only two candidates in the field that 10% or more of Donald Trump voters say they would support in the general" election.
Roy Cooper : Says "30,000 veterans in North Carolina have no health insurance."
Kelda Helen Roys : In 2011 under Scott Walker, Wisconsin for the first time spent "more on our prison system than we did" on the University of Wisconsin System.
Rand Paul : "The vast majority of people that got insurance under President Obama's Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, got it through Medicaid."
George Will : "Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets."
Peter King : "The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass."
Peter Barca : Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsin’s school voucher program "could cost nearly $2 billion annually"
Hillary Clinton : In 2006, Bernie Sanders "voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants."
Facebook posts : "Congress rejects $336 (per) month increase in" Social Security and disability benefits "but approves $8,872 (per) month increase for themselves."
Hillary Clinton : "In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting."
Facebook posts : Soybeans dropped 70 cents and corn 50 cents per bushel in two days, causing farmers to lose big money, “thanks to Biden’s executive orders.”
Joe Biden : Women are "disproportionately impacted by voter ID laws — especially married women who change their names, or those whose IDs do not accurately reflect their gender."
Facebook posts : Says Tom Hanks was “arrested in Australia for pedophilia.”
Viral image : "Measles kills 11 people in 19 years (since 2000). MMR vaccine kills 445 infants in 1 year (since 2018)."
Facebook posts : Says ABC 7 reported the Santa Clarita high school shooting "3 weeks in advance."
Rick Perry : Says Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done "in the private sector, it would be called criminal."
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad : Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani "was never sentenced to stoning."
Floridians for Ethics and Truth in Politics : Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition.
Zach Wahls : “The federal American Rescue Plan will purchase more food from farmers for distribution."
Hillary Clinton : "The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth."
Barack Obama : Says he "will protect your guaranteed benefits" in Medicare while "Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits."
Victoria Taft : "A $250 fine if you're caught with a plastic bag coming out of a store. Plastic bag police anyone?"
Tweets : Olympic Village has cardboard beds “to prevent Olympians from having sex, and thus risk spreading (COVID-19).”
New Hampshire Democratic Party : Says the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit.
Edward Lindsey : Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
Eric Holder : "After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period."
Joe Biden : "We have the most productive workers in the world."
Ted Strickland : Says Sen. Rob Portman said, "It would be irresponsible not to cut Medicare."
Ted Cruz : Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of "not negotiating with terrorists."
Colorado Democratic Party : Says GOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn "wants to eliminate the Department of Education" and jeopardize college funding for 320,000 Coloradans.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Says there's a "100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons."
Ron Paul : Says Rick Santorum "opposes right-to-work"
Barack Obama : Says "Mitt Romney’s plan rolls back regulations" on banks.
Jeffrey Hernandez : Says his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida.
Kim Reynolds : "If you can’t get a test through Test Iowa, there are multiple other sites: your doctor, your clinics, your pharmacies, the stroke detection clinic centers."
Pat McCrory : "We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina" with the passage of HB2.
Bill White : "There's almost 1 million Texans who are unemployed and that's an all-time record number in our state."
Rand Paul : "There's never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens."
Newt Gingrich : In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan.
George Allen : "China owns more of our bonds than do Americans."
Florida Chamber of Commerce : Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in "unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce."
The Freedom Project : "Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 — the single largest in American history."
Sarah Palin : Says an Internet meme shows people rejoicing over the Paris agreement.
Tammy Baldwin : Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson "wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class."
Tweets : "Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium."
Donna Howard : Says abortions are decreasing.
Lamar Smith : The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
David Dewhurst : Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
Marco Rubio : "The child tax credit, if we don't do it, there will be no tax relief for working families. How much tax relief working families get under tax reform is entirely dependent on whether or not we put in place an increase to the child tax credit."
Elena Kagan : During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, "military recruiting actually went up."
Rick Baker : Says Rick Kriseman is $35 million over budget on St. Petersburg’s new police station.
Glenn Grothman : Millionaires are eligible for food stamps, but "Donald Trump came along and decided to put a stop to it."
John Carter : Says the United States is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here, "whether you are here legally or illegally."
Lena Taylor : Lead levels in Milwaukee's water "are higher than Flint, MI."
Republican Governors Association : Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
Barbara Comstock : Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill "before they were against it."
Donald Trump : Americans don't "care at all" about Donald Trump's tax returns.
Raymond LaHood : "Thirty-five states have accepted high-speed intercity rail money."
Chain email : The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees "holiday trees."
John Fredericks : Every illegal immigrant "can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in."
Facebook posts : A Georgia Bureau of Investigation agent was killed for investigating the election.
Barbara Boxer : Says Donald Trump "said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose."
Rex Tillerson : "China account(s) for 90 percent of North Korean trade."
Kathleen Sebelius : "One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive."
Bloggers : "As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate investigation, Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor, lifelong Democrat Jerry Zeifman. When asked why Hillary Rodham was fired, Zeifman said in an interview, ‘Because she was a liar. She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer, she conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the Committee, and the rules of confidentiality.’"
Sheri Dillon : "Paying for a hotel room is not a gift or a present and it has nothing to do with an office. It's not an emolument."
David Menchetti : "The causation standard in Indiana is exactly the same as it is in Illinois."
Mitt Romney : Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
Casey Cagle : A Homeland Security study "showed 120 murders took place that could have been prevented had communities been working with ICE and Homeland Security."
Al Gore : The ocean is now "much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years."
Basic Rights Oregon : Says Republican candidates in Oregon are "advocating violence" against gays.
Viral image : A coloring book that describes Joe Biden as “America’s Sexiest Moderate” is being marketed to children.
Newt Gingrich : "I never lobbied under any circumstance" for Freddie Mac.
Amanda Carpenter : "There are ‘sore loser’ laws that would bar Luther Strange from pursuing a seat" because he already lost the Alabama Republican Senate runoff to Roy Moore.
John Morgan : "Despite decades of marijuana being used for smoking in the United States, there have been no reported medical cases of lung cancer" attributed to marijuana.
Facebook posts : Republican election challengers were unfairly barred from observing absentee ballot processing and counting in Detroit.
Alison Lundergan Grimes : Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, "would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty."
Allen West : About 78 to 81 House Democrats "are members of the Communist Party. ... It’s called the Congressional Progressive Caucus."
Donald Trump : "Drug prices are coming down, first time in 51 years because of my administration."
Rebecca Kleefisch : Wisconsin’s monthly job reports have a "margin of error" of 75 percent and were "way off" in eight of first 10 months of 2011.
Really American : Postmaster General Louis DeJoy “gave $400,000 to Republicans just this year” and has “between $30 and $75 million in assets of direct competitors to the United States Postal Service.”
Chain email : "What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!"
Alan Grayson : "I’m the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200."
Michael Needham : In 2013, the United States "accepted 67 percent of the world’s refugees."
Joe Atkins : "Minnesota is kicking butt relative to Wisconsin on everything from employment and job creation to school test scores, educated work force and a host of other factors and rankings"
Florida Democratic Party : Shows in a television ad that police took evidence from Solantic, Rick Scott's new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud.
Franklin Graham : In most Muslim countries, "We can't have a church. We're not able to build synagogues. It's forbidden."
John McCain : In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
Restore American Freedom and Liberty : Says Tammy Baldwin "wants to require children starting at age 5 to learn about gay sex!"
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump said “good” during the final presidential debate in reference to families being separated at the border.
Michael Steele : "I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938."
Michael Burgess : Says stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
Grover Norquist : "Withheld union dues fund half of Dem (Democratic) campaigns in Florida."
John McCain : "Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground."
United for Care : Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bush’s 2002 landslide.
Donald Trump : Says Republican leaders “are working hard to cover up election corruption in Wisconsin.”
Marco Rubio : In Florida, "300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they don’t have health insurance."
Chain email : Starting in 2011, "you will be required to pay taxes" on "the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company."
Mike Bost : The American Rescue Plan Act “does not” include “checks and balances” on how funds for state and local governments can be spent.
Herman Cain : The 9-9-9 plan "does not raise taxes on those that are making the least."
Josh Mandel : Federal spending on entitlements "is projected to consume all revenue by 2045."
Facebook posts : “Man visited Albany, N.Y. days before dying from coronavirus.”
Lee Fisher : "As President George W. Bush’s trade representative, Portman failed to address China’s currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006."
Viral image : Photos show that the person who shot three people during a protest over the police shooting of Jacob Blake is a police officer.
Cory Booker : The war on drugs led to "a 500 percent increase in incarceration in our country, disproportionately affecting poor and disproportionately affecting minorities."
Rick Scott : "Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income."
Scott Jenkins : “There are more guns in this country than there are citizens.”
Jack Kingston : President Obama has left the U.S. with the lowest number of active-duty troops since before World War II, putting the nation at risk.
Robert Duffy : If upstate New York split from downstate "the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country."
Ben Carson : More than 100,000 people are waiting for public housing in Houston and people who are in the country illegally are taking their spaces.
Sean Duffy : The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is "collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans" without their knowledge and "storing it for up to 10 years."
Republican Governors Association : "Ohio lost 400,000 jobs on his (Ted Strickland’s) watch."
Peter King : The Boston Marathon bombing "is the fifth case" in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism "and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders."
Wendy Davis : "We caught (the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality) lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale."
Facebook posts : “This week the military was moving big equipment into the major big cities preparing for the Maricopa audit results.”
Adam Smith : "Go back to 2005 until now, we have quadrupled the number of Border Patrol agents."
John McCain : Barack Obama's plan calls for "mandates and fines for small businesses."
Barack Obama : Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he "closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas."
Vincent Fort : Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
Viral image : "Barack Obama said, ‘If we don’t do something about this president, I will’ at DNC fundraiser last night."
Gretchen Carlson : "The CBO now says the president's health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021."
Michael Denbrow : Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are "actively working toward U.S. citizenship."
Facebook posts : Says Kaleb Torres, a young spokesperson for Shriners Hospitals for Children, has died.
John McCain : "There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication."
Chain email : Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
Facebook posts : “FEMA is paying for hotel rooms!!!” for Texas winter storm victims.
Bloggers : "Before 1973 it was illegal in the U.S. to profit off of health care."
Wisconsin State AFL-CIO : "Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools."
Facebook posts : “Former Las Vegas Raiders offensive tackle Bruce Campbell involved in altercation.”
Ed Gillespie : Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had "52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation" and "revenues were at an all-time high in 2007."
Gina Hinojosa : Austin school district "teachers are the lowest paid of any urban" Texas district and the "lowest paid of any surrounding school district."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says that Minnesota Democratic congressional candidate Dean Phillips doesn’t offer health insurance for his employees.
Donald Trump Jr. : "It’s only a federal crime for the" inspector general to out a whistleblower.
Facebook posts : “Joe Biden says Americans can only celebrate the Fourth of July if he says so.”
Marco Rubio : "The reason why Cubans don't have access to 21st century telecommunications — like smart phones, like access to the Internet — is because it is illegal in Cuba."
Bloggers : "There was someone else on that plane for the secret Bill Clinton/Loretta Lynch meeting."
Joe Biden : "Across the country, $174 billion of the Recovery Act have been committed in its first 130 days."
Mitt Romney : Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that "Social Security is unconstitutional."
Facebook posts : “Trump just cut the scheduled federal pay raise, stating that he can’t do it now because of ‘serious economic conditions’ in America.”
Kay Hoflander : "All signs seem to point to Hillary (Clinton) laying the groundwork to run for president again."
Alberta Darling : When it comes to the state deficit, Wisconsin is "proportionally in as much trouble as the State of California."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump said, 'Africans Are Lazy, Good At Sex, Theft.'
American Crossroads : "The Clintons' foundation took millions from foreign governments" including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
Ralph Long : "The [Georgia] General Assembly took away the Atlanta Board of Education’s oversight of the superintendent."
Barack Obama : Health care reform "would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades."
Bill Johnson : Most Americans want "traditional marriage," as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act.
Scott Walker : "Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion" in tax relief.
Scott Walker : "I'm the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time there's a death of someone in police custody."
Greg Abbott : "Midland, Texas, now beats the San Francisco area in the percentage of jobs created by startups."
Sam Adams : The city’s 30 percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide -- not district by district
Richard Ojeda : The United States is "#1 in oil consumption" in the world.
Sally Kohn : "Since 9/11, right-wing extremists (incl anti-abortion, anti-gov) have killed more Americans than Islamic extremists."
Michele Bachmann : "Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that she's flying."
Bloggers : "Mayor Andrew Gillum says he’s indefinitely suspending his campaign for governor in light of a fatal shooting in Tallahassee at a yoga studio on Friday."
Cathie Adams : "ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders."
Facebook posts : Says a Twitter account for "Scarsdale NY Antifa" tweeted that "chapters of Antifa around Oregon have collaborated to ignite fires around the state."
Stephen Miller : "This issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, it’s very serious."
Bernie Sanders : "Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton."
Barack Obama : "The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots."
Instagram posts : "Airlines are meeting today to discuss the risks of carrying vaxed passengers due to the risk of clots and the liabilities involved.”
Donald Trump : "We’re spending tremendous amounts of money to educate our kids. In the world, we're No. 1 per pupil by a factor of four."
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott "pled the Fifth 75 times to avoid jail for Medicare fraud."
Rush Limbaugh : A recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated "over two days of the Thanksgiving week."
Rob Portman : "Our debt now is about $140,000 per household."
Don Huffines : "Texans have some of the highest property taxes in the nation”
Association of Mature American Citizens : AARP backed "federal funding for Planned Parenthood."
Hank Johnson : "The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited."
religionmind.com : "Saudi Arabia to Behead 6 School Girls for Being With Their Male Friends Without Parents or a Guardian"
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian  ... refugees . . .  despite the fact that there’s no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from."
Stop Gillnetting Now : Says "Oregon is one of only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters."
Barbara Boxer : "There's a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead."
Joe Scarborough : 2014 midterm election spending by "the left and the right are both equal."
Barack Obama : Barack Obama "cut taxes for working families."
Nancy Pelosi : Says John Boehner "admits 'we are not going to be any different than we’ve been' " by returning to "the same failed economic policies" that "wrecked our economy."
Hillary Clinton : "Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception" five times.
Diane Savino : Giving a committee chair’s stipend in the New York State Senate to another member of that committee "has been, in fact, a legislative practice for decades."
Mitt Romney : Stimulus dollars paid for "windmills from China."
Facebook posts : Trey Gowdy said, “I’m not saying COVID-19 isn’t real…. But pay attention folks, there’s much more going on here than what meets the eye.”
Pete Snyder : “There is no discernible difference between the spread and deaths of COVID in Virginia than there is in Florida.”
Bloggers : “Italian Parliament Calls For The Arrest of Bill Gates”
Donald Trump : We’ve broken "by millions" the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
Mick Mulvaney : "Every single (health care) plan that this White House has ever put forward since Donald Trump was elected covered pre-existing conditions."
Vince Megna : "200 consumer laws were destroyed" in 2011 when Gov. Scott Walker signed Act 92.
Maggie Hassan : Says there is a "traditional 60-vote threshold for confirming Supreme Court nominees."
Facebook posts : “The CEO of the company that owns Wendy’s, Taco Bell, and Pizza Hut donated $400,000 towards Trump’s re-election campaign.”
Marco Rubio : The health care law "adds around $800 billion of taxes on the American people. It does not discriminate between rich and poor."
Realtimepolitics : "Joe Biden just confirmed that he is running for president in 2020 and it has America applauding!"
Diamond and Silk : "Obama secretly gave citizenship to 2,500 Iranians as part of nuke deal."
Barbara Buono : Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to "demand that New Jersey’s Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest."
John Driscoll : "(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill."
Facebook posts : “Georgia and Kansas Capitol buildings have been stormed by protesters.”
Donald Trump : "The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country."
Donald Trump : "I did not support the war in Iraq … The record shows that I’m right."
Donald Trump : Says Democrats "want to give (undocumented immigrants) cars."
West Virginia Republican Party : "West Virginia added the highest percentage of new construction jobs in 2017 in the United States, at 14.4%. This amounted to 4,300 additional jobs! In fact, #WV was the only state with double-digit growth!"
Donald McEachin : Gov. McDonnell's proposed budget "is cutting" public education.
Doug Collins : Kelly Loeffler has a "long history of donating to abortion-on-demand Democrats."
Pam Bondi : "By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget."
Donald Trump : "Puerto Rico’s electric grid and their electric generating plant was dead before the storms ever hit. It was in very bad shape. It was in bankruptcy. It had no money. It was largely -- you know, it was largely closed."
Brent Barton : Says credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregon’s kicker system.
Viral image : "Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel has said the app is for rich people, don't want to expand in poor countries like India and Spain."
Newt Gingrich : "The biggest contribution" behind a decrease in U.S. unemployment "was 1.2 million people leaving the workforce"
Brian Patrick Kennedy : Employers and schools have no right to conduct "surveillance of a dorm room or a worker’s cubicle."
John Boehner : "We've got a personal tax system that's so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code."
Gavin Newsom : During his campaign for president, Donald Trump "committed to honoring states' rights when it comes to marijuana legalization."
Barack Obama : Says he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil.
Club for Growth : The conservative proposal to replace the Affordable Care Act "lowers premiums by giving New York the freedom to end Obamacare’s costly and ridiculous rules."
Dan McCready : Says Dan Bishop "took the only vote from either party — the only vote — against pharmacists being able to tell people about lower-cost drugs."
Viral image : A photograph shows Joe Biden with a Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Tim Kaine : Says British voters "under 50, especially millennials, overwhelmingly voted to stay," in the European Union. "It was older voters who voted to leave."
Elizabeth Warren : "Donald Trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of American families, because he thought it would help him scoop up more real estate on the cheap."
Rick Perry : Since 2000, "the Texas clean air program achieved a 22 percent reduction in ozone and a 46 percent decrease in NOx emissions."
Mitt Romney : "Oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Says Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke "has proven on the Madison Board of Education" that she supports raising taxes and spending.
Bernie Sanders : "The largest U.S. companies would owe $620 billion in U.S. taxes on the cash they store in tax havens."
Thomas Anderson : "If the experiences in Colorado and Washington are the experiences we have here, roadway deaths are going to go up, impaired driving is likely to go up."
Roy Cooper : Says North Carolina bill to require in-person learning is “stripping out some of the health protocols that are in place.”
West Virginia Republican Party : "For only the second time since 2000, there are more job openings than Americans who are unemployed."
Rick Perry : "Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan."
Black Lives Matter : “Biden is currently sending more military equipment to our neighborhoods than Trump did.”
Bernie Sanders : "We have something like one out of four young black men in this country end up in the criminal justice system. They may end up in jail, they may end up on parole, they may end up on probation."
Tom Cole : The impeachment process against Donald Trump "provides fewer due process protections and fewer protections for minority rights than what we have seen in previous impeachment efforts."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : Says Marco Rubio said "we should be considering internment" of Muslims, and "maybe we should close down cafes and diners where Muslims gather and in fact compared them to the Nazi party."
Marie Newman : "We’re in a situation right now where 80% of the country is living paycheck to paycheck."
Facebook posts : Hacked emails “revealed that Hillary Clinton & pals are involved in sex trafficking children.”
Scott Walker : Says Mark Neumann = Nancy Pelosi
Nikki Haley : Says that Nikita Khrushchev said, “Your children's children will live under communism. You Americans are so gullible. No, you won't accept communism outright; but, we will keep feeding you small doses of socialism until you will finally wake up and find you already have Communism.”
Loretta Sanchez : "The Brady Campaign has given me a 100 percent, not 99, 100 percent rating."
Ted Nugent : "I've been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers."
Rick Perry : Says that in fiscal year 2010, "nearly 80 percent of women served" in the Texas Women’s Health Program received services from a provider other than a Planned Parenthood clinic.
Nancy Pelosi : Says 11 soccer players on the U.S. Men’s National Team are immigrants.
Facebook posts : An image of nine white, blond women shows "the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors."
Rick Scott : "My 7-step plan" creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.
Allen West : "Since 2006 Texas has given $19B in taxpayer subsidies to wind energy companies. Over the past 2-3 years Texas has tripled our dependence on wind energy to 23-25 percent of our energy distribution system."
Michael Long : Under New York's new abortion law, "If the baby was born alive, they would just let the baby expire."
Jerry Jones : Says it’s "absurd" to say there’s enough data to establish a link between playing football and Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy.
Charles Schumer : “All” Americans in Afghanistan who “have wanted to come out have come out.”
Tony Evers : "Wisconsin’s graduation rates have grown to over 90 percent" since Tony Evers became state school superintendent.
Kent Conrad : "The American people say, don't touch Social Security, don't touch Medicare, don't cut defense. That's 84 percent of the federal budget."
Louie Gohmert : Says al Qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in Mexico.
Viral image : Getting the COVID-19 vaccine jeopardizes life insurance policies.
Chain email : "Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges."
Kasim Reed : The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
Barack Obama : "A lot of the ideas in terms of the (health insurance) exchange, just being able to pool and improve the purchasing power of individuals in the insurance market, that originated from the Heritage Foundation."
Kasim Reed : Says "you cannot implement Paul Ryan’s plan without allowing for any increases in revenue."
John Cornyn : "Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada."
TDAlliance.com : "Jefferson Davis statue to be replaced with Obama likeness."
Richard Saslaw : Virginia’s current unemployment rate is "the lowest in Virginia history."
Ron DeSantis : "I’ve already traveled to Washington, D.C., and secured a historic commitment from the Trump administration to provide assistance to the communities that Michael battered."
Jon Bramnick : Says, "when this governor came to office, he had (an) 11 billion dollar  - I call it mismanagement – deficit."
Chain email : Says President Barack Obama has issued upwards of 1,000 executive orders, more than any modern president.
Rahm Emanuel : Chicago Public Schools "lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system," "match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college," and are "producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains."
Facebook posts : It's illegal for a college, public school or employer to "mandate" the vaccine because it was authorized for emergency use.
Roy Blunt : "The [Obama] administration’s regulatory assault on coal-fired energy has put thousands of Americans out of work"
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden said a racial slur.
John Kasich : "President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didn't win."
Viral image : Says 20 million Chinese converted to Islam after it’s proven that the coronavirus doesn’t affect Muslims.
Kevin McCarthy : “If these (telecom and internet) companies comply with the Democrat order to turn over private information, they are in violation of federal law and subject to losing their ability to operate in the United States.”
Science Vibe : "Dying 78 year old CIA agent admits to killing Marilyn Monroe."
Andrew Yang : Says about universal basic income, "Thomas Paine was for it at our founding ... Martin Luther King, champion in the ‘60s, called it a guaranteed minimum income for all Americans… It passed the U.S. House of Representatives twice in 1971."
Scott Walker : "I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair."
Carol Miller : “In West Virginia alone, overdoses have increased by 50% during the #COVID-19 pandemic.”
Jerry Brown : "Taxes went down under Jerry Brown."
Jay Inslee : "We have flown a Boeing 737 across the Atlantic Ocean on biofuels. We have flown F-18s."
U.S. Dairy Export Council : Says a WHO proposal "portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life."
Chris Jones : Virginia House "Republicans have had more African-Americans on key committees than when the Democrats were in control."
Levar Stoney : "Richmond was one of the only cities in the state that did not (increase) their real estate tax to those pre-recession rates."
Republican National Committee : "Over the past eight years, black youth unemployment is up."
Viral image : Photos show Joe Biden with a “Chinese handler.”
Gary Johnson : "New Mexico is the second Hollywood" because of tax incentives for the film industry.
Jim Sensenbrenner : "Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally" but the Senate bill "would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years."
Fred Thompson : "He was offered medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return. John McCain said, 'No.' "
George LeMieux : In 2008, Charlie Crist ‘"applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do ‘a great job.’"
Danny Tarkanian : Says Nevada state Sen. Michael Roberson "forced Common Core for Nevada schools."
Rudy Giuliani : Sarah Palin "already has more executive experience" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden "combined."
Bob McDonnell : Road construction bids "are coming in at the lowest in the modern era."
Bloggers : Says China "stole Coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it into a Bioweapon."
Mira Signer : States with "the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates."
Texans for Reliable Power : "Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country," adding "more than 1,000 people a day."
Donald Trump : "Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump said at the Republican convention, "I alone can fix it."
Nathan Deal : "Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago."
Jane Kidd : "[State Rep. Doug McKillip’s] donors deserve a refund."
Randi Weingarten : "The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country."
ClearPath Action Fund : Says "Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed."
Rose Mary Grant : Rhode Island "charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country."
Donald Trump : Says Alabama Senate candidate Doug Jones "wants to raise taxes."
Michael Burgess : Says 2010 was the "worst year ever for America's doctors" reimbursed by Medicare.
Viral image : Says Facebook imposes a 7% limit on a user’s sharing.
Justin Hewlett : Says the majority of candidates in Texas’ 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
Rick Kriseman : "The fact is that red light cameras change driver behavior and cut down on the most dangerous types of accidents."
Tommy Thompson : "I have voted every year in Wisconsin."
Dan Gelber : Gov. Charlie Crist "sought for and got approved the automatic restoration of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in Florida history."
Infowars : "Revealed: UN plan to flood America with 600 million migrants."
Mike Stenhouse : "According to HUD, it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood."
Rob Portman : "Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before."
Facebook posts : Says El Chapo "stated in court" that James Comey helped launder $150 million "cartel money for Pelosi."
Bloggers : Says Kobe Bryant’s wife “recorded her suicide after depression attack this morning.”
Hillary Clinton : "Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband."
Thom Tillis : "Last year was one of the deadliest years ever for law enforcement officers."
Donald Trump : Democrats "don’t want money" to go to the Florida Panhandle for Hurricane Michael aid
Barack Obama : "As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery."
Floridians for Solar Choice : "Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business."
Donald Trump : Activities by foreign governments had "absolutely no effect on the outcome of this election."
John Wisniewski : "We have a governor who's vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut."
Jason Brodeur : Says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
Donald Trump : "14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote."
Barack Obama : "For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent."
Raj Shah : "Most U.S. foreign assistance ... is given to U.S. companies and nonprofits in the form of contracts and grants."
AlternativePAC : Says Dick Cheney "supported gay marriage sooner" than Hillary Clinton.
Heidi Scheuermann : They understand the importance (of medical monitoring). It’s clear, though, that they want to do it in a way that is consistent with other states and S.37 just isn’t.
Alan Krueger : "Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions."
William G. Batchelder : "We haven’t had control of the House for the last two years and it’s been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49."
Donald Trump : "We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada, as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive)."
Tom Coburn : "Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud."
Kathleen Vinehout : Gov. Scott Walker bought "80 new, brand-new vehicles" for the state that "we probably don’t need."
Kendra Fershee : "Poverty in WV is more than 5% higher than the national average."
Donald Trump : "When a car is sent to the United States from China, there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2%. When a car is sent to China from the United States, there is a Tariff to be paid of 25%."
Jamie Samons : "We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line."
Lloyd Doggett : Says "80 percent of the tax breaks in" President Donald Trump’s tax-cut "proposal go to the top 1 percent, that is, people making more than $730,000 a year."
Barry Hinckley : A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.
Joni Ernst : "At $93 trillion, the Green New Deal would cost more than the entire recorded spending of the U.S. since the Constitution went into effect in 1789."
Donald Trump : "58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote."
Ohio Democratic Party : Says Ohio Treasurer Josh "Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign."
J.D. Hayworth : John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
Travis Allen : California taxes are "among the highest in the nation."
Mark Harris : Rep. Pittenger is "constantly rated as one of the most liberal Republicans in Congress."
Shelley Adler : Says Rep. Jon Runyan "voted to redefine rape."
Barack Obama : "For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online."
Stephanie Ruhle : Says Walmart is "one of the largest sellers of assault-style weapons."
Eric Hovde : President Obama and Nancy Pelosi said "Obamacare" would save money because "they factored in 10 years worth of tax revenue and only six and half years worth of expenses."
Justin Nelson : Says "our indicted Attorney General Ken Paxton is back to being the only statewide official in the country under indictment."
Jodie Laubenberg : Says Texas state funds were spent on "a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating."
Bill McCollum : Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed "fraud."
Ed Gillespie : "For the first time in over 40 years, Republicans don’t hold a single statewide office" in Virginia.
Marc Schare : A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts "to shave 5 full weeks off the school year."
Florida Democratic Party : Bill McCollum voted four times to raise his own pay, by a total of $51,000, and earns a congressional pension worth more than $75,000 a year.
Pat Cipollone : "Not even (House Intelligence Chairman Adam) Schiff’s Republican colleagues were allowed into the SCIF" during the House impeachment investigation.
Eric Cantor : Says a Congressional Budget Office report on spending by House Democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it "is just not stimulus. It won't help the economy grow."
Sarah Palin : "Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs."
Cory Booker : Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek "froze all those monies during the toughest years in ‘08-’09" and "refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract."
David A. Clarke Jr. : "I had to lay off 48 people last year," which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
Alan Grayson : In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, "the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. They’ve said it on the record. They’ve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff."
Joyce Krawiec : "No, we do not have laws in place protecting babies who are born alive as the result of an abortion."
Mitt Romney : Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour."
Melissa Johnson : Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
Unite Here Florida PAC : "Gwen Graham owns a $14 million stake in her family’s company that’s behind the American Dream Mall. ... While Graham and her family will make millions, Florida will be stuck with poverty wage jobs, endangered wildlife and massive traffic congestion."
Bob McDonnell : The Obama administration is "unwinding our nation’s welfare-to-work requirements."
Viral image : Video shows police removing disabled protesters from the Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.
Viral image : The White House was dark for 10 nights in a row.
Viral image : Says Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer said, “I will not certify the vote in my state for Donald Trump, no matter the outcome.”
Politicono.com : "Sarah Palin Calls To Boycott Mall Of America Because ‘Santa Was Always White In The Bible.’"
Jeff Denham : Says Barack Obama, Chuck Schumer and Hillary Clinton "all voted for" a border wall as senators.
Scott Fitzgerald : The 2020 election is in “recount territory” and “I’ve seen elections change as a result of” recounts.
Donald Trump : President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden “left me 128 judges to fill. You just don’t do that.”
Hillary Clinton : Says New START, passed while Clinton was secretary of state, is a "treaty cutting Russia’s nuclear arms."
Marco Rubio : "Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before."
Donald Trump : Canadian-born Ted Cruz "has had a double passport."
Nan Orrock : "The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores."
Ted Cruz : "I opposed TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) and have always opposed TPP."
The Partnership for Safe Medicines : Florida state senators "are pushing a new government program that allows prescription drugs from China without FDA inspection."
Sergio Marchionne : "Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise."
Bill Bradbury : "If Buehler were elected, our vote-by-mail system would be at risk."
Sarah Palin : The U.S. "only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."
Arianna Huffington : Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- it’s caused by a "shrinking of the actual labor force."
Crossroads GPS : "Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool" under the new health care law.
Georgia Green Party : The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is "literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself."
Joe Scarborough : About "3 percent of murders and crimes are committed with guns from people who actually (legally) purchase those guns."
Gina Raimondo : The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
Dennis Hastert : "There never really was a 'Hastert Rule.' "
Karen Handel : "Nearly $2 billion in cash was flown over to Iran, money that the Obama administration has admitted is being used for terrorists and to support further activities there."
Hillary Clinton : "If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena."
Joe Kernen : “We’re down near the low end of per capita deaths ... Most places are at 60 deaths per 100,000. We're at 29.”
Kamala Harris : "In America, there is a father who is holding down two jobs and paying more taxes than the richest 400 families in America."
Tennessee Democratic Party : The "Health Care Compact bill would end Medicare's guaranteed benefit for Tennessee's Medicare recipients and shift management of the federal health care plan to the state's TennCare program."
John Boehner : The United States has seen "a net loss of people with health insurance" because of Obamacare.
Ryan Holets : “Drug overdose deaths decreased in 2018 for the first time in 30 years.”
National Taxpayers Union : Proposed tax changes are a "handout" to BP.
Jonathan Jarvis : The National Park Service has "an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin."
Scott Walker : "Mitt Romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him."
Jefferson Smith : Says "we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregon's first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline."
Kristi Noem : South Dakota "did have tragedies and we did have losses. But we also got through (the pandemic) better than virtually every other state."
Ohio Democratic Party : Says Mike DeWine "interfered with and stifled" a sexual harassment investigation and then "eliminated the office that investigated harassment claims within the AG’s office."
Paul Ryan : Says Obama puts "15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors."
Barack Obama : "John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time."
Winning Our Future : Mitt Romney is "tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house."
Donna Howard : "We’re talking right now about a $12 billion hole in our current, so-called balanced" state "budget."
Viral image : A photo shows Brian Kemp posing with Gregory McMichael.
Mike Foley : Ohio’s lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
Instagram posts : “The Green New Deal would require that 99% of homes in the country be torn down and rebuilt more ‘energy efficient’ over a ten year period.”
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan "want to turn Medicare into a voucher system."
Carl Bildt : There were "50 percent more murders" in Orlando and Orange County, Fla., last year "than in all of Sweden."
Richard Durbin : “We have 23% of all the lead pipe leads in America in the Chicagoland area.”
Samantha Bee : The New York State Senate "passed legislation allowing minors to race snowmobiles, get their own hunting licenses, and not be employed gathering or picking rags, cigar stumps, or collecting bones."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Says Tony Evers "allowed a middle-school teacher found guilty of spreading pornographic material at school to keep teaching students."
Gina Raimondo : "Providence has more of its pension fund invested in hedge funds and is less transparent" about it than the state.
Government is Not God PAC : "Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks."
FreedomCrossroads.us : Says investigators have found remains of missing women in steel barrels buried on Bill and Hillary Clinton’s property.
Todd Staples : In "the fall of 2009, only 21 percent of Texas high school graduates enrolled in a four-year public university."
Katherine Cloonen : "Lindsay Parkhurst wants to take away programs like Social Security and Medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes."
Richard Durbin : Says President Barack Obama’s nominees met a standard of 60 votes, "a standard that was met by Elena Kagan as well as Sonia Sotomayor, President Obama's choices."
Donald Trump : Says Ohio’s I-X Center "used to be a great plant," but "thousands of people of worked here, and they left" when their jobs were moved overseas.
Hillary Clinton : Says she will "work to raise the federal minimum wage back to the highest level it’s ever been — $12 an hour in today’s dollars."
Rodney Davis : “Prairie State power plant is the cleanest coal-fired power plant in the nation.”
Barack Obama : His proposed budget would "cut our deficit in half by the end of my first term."
Facebook posts : Says George Floyd’s criminal history includes “23 arrests,” “3 car thefts” and many violent crimes.
Angus King : "China, my understanding is, supplies 4 percent of the steel in the U.S."
Donald Trump : "Germany owes ... vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!"
Dan Patrick : Says the 2014-15 state budget "cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs."
Jenna Wadsworth : North Carolina Secretary of State Elaine Marshall "has won more statewide races than probably anyone else alive."
Bill O'Reilly : Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland "voted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens."
Facebook posts : An Ohio doctor died from a COVID-19 vaccine.
Scott Fitzgerald : On the night of the Wisconsin state Senate vote on the budget package, "a mob showed up and busted down the door and took over the Capitol."
Citizens for Lower Taxes and a Stronger Economy : "Amendment 4 will reduce Florida’s economic output by $34 billion annually."
Samuel Sinyangwe : "America has more governors who’ve worn blackface than black governors."
Mike Males : "There’s pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] aren’t effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people."
Joe Biden : "The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007."
Barack Obama : "We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote."
Rick Santorum : Seventy percent of Americans "don't have a college degree."
Tweets : "Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!"
Instagram posts : “Since Trump labeled ANTIFA a terrorist organization their rights were stripped by the Patriot Act which states if someone is labeled a terrorist they are not afforded due process.”
Lena Taylor : "Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people."
Jim Justice : "Jim Justice is the first West Virginia governor to fight for pay raises for educators."
Bloggers : "Judicial Watch reports show 1.7 million California votes are not registered voters!"
Ron Wyden : Says "I've authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century."
Amy Klobuchar : "Over 70% of the people support Roe v. Wade. Over 90% of the people support funding for Planned Parenthood and making sure women can get the health care they need."
Jeff Merkley : Says the Trump administration transferred $10 million from FEMA to ICE.
Scott Walker : The University of Wisconsin System had a "jobs-for-life tenure program" for professors.
Bill Clinton : It’s "typical" for a presidential candidate to release 10 or 11 years of tax returns.
Michelle Nunn : David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
Mitt Romney : "McCain opposes repeal of the death tax."
Tony Evers : "At least three or four of the pieces that are in" in the Republican lame-duck legislation, Scott Walker "has vetoed previously."
Donald Trump : Barack Obama has "doubled our national debt. Doubled it. It's going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves."
Facebook posts : “In a vegan world there would be no pandemics. 100% of pandemics are zoonotic in origin.”
Rob Portman : The Buffett Rule "will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one week’s interest on the national debt."
Gina Hinojosa : "Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran."
Scott Walker : Says Tony Evers will "raise the gas tax by as much as a dollar a gallon."
Donald Trump : "The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6%. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly."
Facebook posts : "McDonald’s hamburgers are only 15 percent ‘real beef.’ The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer."
Bloggers : "Malia Obama expelled from Harvard."
Kevin Cramer : "The standard of voting in North Dakota is the easiest in the country."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin is backing President Barack Obama’s plan to pass a $1.5 trillion tax increase.
Gina Raimondo : "The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office."
Marco Rubio : "Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college."
Facebook posts : “Donald Trump would receive $17 million for three hotels closed for four days under Republican bill! How in the hell is this right?!”
Michelle Nunn : The United States was not one of 16 countries where David Perdue said in his Pillowtex deposition that he created jobs.
Donald Trump : “I brought back Big Ten football.”
Connie Mack : "Bill Nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes 272 times."
Lyft : Drivers will “get guaranteed earnings, health care benefits, personal protections, and they can maintain their flexible schedules.”
Mitt Romney : "The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent."
John McCain : "My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years."
Tom Cotton : "It is unusual" for a White House official like former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to make unmasking requests.
Instagram posts : Says a young Texas rapper charged with capital crimes faces the death penalty but the alleged Santa Fe High School shooter faces prison and then parole after 40 years.
Gavin Newsom : "So far in 2015, there have been more mass shootings than days."
Mitt Romney : "We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America."
Bernie Sanders : "I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate."
Facebook posts : Google and Apple maps won’t give directions to Washington, D.C. because “they don’t want you going to a certain big rally.”
Bloggers : “Manipulated Video used in House Impeachment Looks to Have VIOLATED House Rules”
Fred Clark : Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants "not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors" with no oversight.
Facebook posts : Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has "accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history," because it's actually risen "slower than at any time in nearly 60 years."
Facebook posts : During the debate, Kamala Harris said, “that’s a great segway to the next question,” suggesting she knew the next question.
Doug Thomas : Says "there are homes for sale on and around (Oswego Lake) right now for under $150,000 that anyone is welcome to buy."
John McCain : On the economic troubles of 2008, "really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
Facebook posts : “118-year-old William Bradley voted via an absentee ballot in Wayne County, Michigan this year. William died in 1984. They’re trying to steal this election.”
Paul Farrow : Says a meat shortage is “not expected”
Michele Bachmann : "The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government."
Bloggers : "Triggering leftists, Trump's reelection campaign is selling plastic straws."
One Wisconsin Now : "The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined."
Newt Gingrich : President Barack Obama deserves to be called "the most successful food stamp president in American history" because "47 million Americans are on food stamps."
Scott Surovell : "When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off … that started to begin in (President George W.) Bush’s administration."
Paul Ryan : "Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had" fast-track trade authority.
Bloggers : Harambe received 15,000 votes in the presidential election.
Rick Santorum : "If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders … happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do."
Mitt Romney : "Since President Obama took office, there are over 450,000 more unemployed women."
Don Bacon : Says revenues "are actually up after tax reform."
Lincoln Chafee : Says Ronald Reagan "talked about" converting the United States to the metric system.
Facebook posts : Says a video shows Joe Biden boasted in 2006 “about voting for ‘700 miles of fence’” and “talking about immigration in some entirely different ways than he does today.”
Viral image : Says a photo shows Adam Schiff and Jeffrey Epstein.
Marco Rubio : "I have never voted for a tax increase."
Rick Perry : Says Texas gained 21,000 doctors due to tort reform.
Andrew Cuomo : There’s been a "20 percent increase in young people coming back to Buffalo after a decade where we lost 10 percent of our young people."
Future45 : Voting for "any Democrat" gets you "socialism ... undefended open borders ... immediate tax increases ... 100 percent government-run health care ..."
John Kasich : "Since the beginning of the year we've created a net increase of 45,000 jobs."
Richard Ojeda : "One in eight American adults, or 12.7 percent of the U.S population, now meets diagnostic criteria for alcohol use disorder."
Joni Ernst : "94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees."
Michael Reese : If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, we'd have 300 more officers in our department."
Tommy Thompson : Says when he was governor, "most of the Democrats" voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin "voted against it."
Barbara Cargill : "The Federal Reserve system has presided over about a 95... percent decline in the U.S. dollar."
With Honor : Says Kentucky Rep. Andy Barr "would let shady payday lenders take advantage of our troops" and that he took "$36,550 from payday lenders."
Maurice Ferre : "I think it is unacceptable for the Chinese today to be larger in wind power and in solar panels and photovoltaic manufacturing than all of Europe put together -- forget the United States."
Clackamas County Democrats : Says Clackamas County Measure 3-401 "will hurt our county, cripple economic growth, and increase our taxes with excessive special elections."
Bloggers : "NASA will pay you $18,000 to stay in bed and smoke weed for 70 straight days."
Elizabeth Warren : Says Donald Trump's position is "to roll back all" of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.
Donald Trump : "We won. We won in a landslide. This was a landslide.”
Bloggers : Says Kobe Bryant’s eldest daughter, Natalia, left a suicide video after being bullied.
Shelley Adler : Says Jon Runyan voted to "end programs to aid homeless veterans."
Mahlon Mitchell : As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut "millions of dollars for firefighting equipment," including firefighters' "coats, pants, helmets and boots."
Ohio Democratic Party : DeWine "took $1.9 million from big banks," "supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions" and "protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes."
Marco Rubio : "I did not support the sequester."
Eric Schneiderman : Some states hit hardest by opioid deaths "have more opioid prescriptions than residents."
Betty Sutton : Says Jim Renacci has "consistently voted" for loopholes that "encourage outsourcing of our jobs."
Rick Scott : "The $18.8 billion in funding for K-12 education funding is the highest in Florida history and includes a record $10.6 billion in state funds."
Carly Fiorina : "We have record numbers of people living in poverty."
Donald Trump : Says House Speaker Nancy Pelosi deleted a video of her telling people to go to Chinatown.
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton "wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care
Nancy McFarlane : Charles Francis "vows to slash funding for parks and open space."
Brian Kilmeade : Says Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana.
Hillary Clinton : "Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment."
Ben Nelson : A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health care reform bill "is not a special deal for Nebraska."
Wes Riddle : Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
Jim Barksdale : In Georgia, women earn 82 cents for every dollar earned by men.
Lone Star Project : Says Greg Abbott "converted over $1 million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail-in ballots."
Michael J. Gardiner : After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, "there was a temperature drop while the airplanes weren't flying, for the week afterwards."
Giffords : "Gov. Rick Scott made it illegal for a doctor to ask a patient if they owned a gun, even a mental health professional. This law was so dangerous that a court had to strike it down."
Keith Olbermann : Sen. Joe Lieberman's "home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor."
Dennis Kucinich : The Bush tax cuts "helped to create a substantial part of the deficit."
Bloggers : “Biden campaign director arrested for electoral fraud.”
Club for Growth : The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the "socialized" system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000.
Kathleen Falk : "Together we added more jobs than any other area" while I was Dane County executive.
Joe Negron : Says PETA "is using this really fancy drone to follow hunters around in some places in other countries."
Annise Parker : "For years now, we have spent more money than we have taken in."
Commonsense Ten : Says Roy Blunt "secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris" into a national security bill while "Blunt's girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000."
Tom Price : Congress gave an unelected board "the power to deny care to seniors."
Barack Obama : Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
Keith Olbermann : For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, "13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called 'Max Tax.'"
Al Franken : "President (Ronald) Reagan did a similar thing. George H.W. Bush did a similar order" as former President Barack Obama’s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA.
Tim Kaine : "First, Donald Trump said wages are too high, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal minimum wage."
Instagram posts : Four pharmaceutical companies have questionable track records that suggest their COVID-19 vaccines aren’t safe.
Julián Castro : Says a "recent analysis" showed that 91 percent of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients are employed, in school or serving in the military.
Rick Perry : Our "kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school."
Chain email : Says the former president of the Czech Republic said the American people were a "confederacy of fools" for electing Barack Obama.
George P. Bush : “We see an uncompleted wall that was duly appropriated dollars during the Trump days to build over 700 miles. Only 150 miles were constructed.”
David Dewhurst : During "the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person."
Bloggers : ABC News recently banned reporters from wearing American flag lapel pins on air.
Mike Thompson : "Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States."
Rick Perry : Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
Harry Reid : The financial services regulatory bill "will end taxpayer bailouts."
Rick Santorum : "When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. It's now 17 percent."
Howard Dean : "The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English."
Viral image : “Monticello power plant just outside of Pittsburg TX has been closed since 2018 because of renewable energy.”
Roy Blunt : "In the current law, if you report harassment, you're the one that has to go into 20 hours of counseling before you can decide whether you were really harassed."
Donald Rumsfeld : Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
Hillary Clinton : "The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasn't paid a penny in taxes."
Andrew Gillum : "Under his leadership, Tallahassee reduced its carbon intensity by roughly 40 percent."
Earl Blumenauer : Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program "could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit."
Viral Politics US : "Putin issues international arrest warrant for Soros"
Donald Trump : EPA administrator Scott Pruitt's short-term rental "was about market rate."
Facebook posts : "Hillary Clinton is on trial for Bengazi (sic) this week.”
Van Jones : "Only 14 percent of Americans were able to keep these individual market plans for two years" before Obamacare became law.
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : Says "over 1 million signatures" were submitted in attempt to recall Gov. Scott Walker.
Jon Erpenbach : Says Scott Walker "said he wouldn't touch" the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it.
Tom Price : Says the Congressional Budget Office "is expecting a protracted economic malaise for at least the next decade under current policies."
Instagram posts : Jill Biden implied the COVID-19 pandemic was planned.
Mike Bishop : Says Elissa Slotkin’s plan is to take Medicare away from current senior recipients.
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen : Says Chuck Hagel "opposed sanctions against Iran."
Ted Yoho : "It’s been proven over and over again Medicaid has the worst outcomes in the industrialized world as far as the quality of health care."
Marco Rubio : Photos show Lloyd Austin without a face shield after he landed in the Philippines.
Donald Trump : Says Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that "treat women horribly ... and countries that kill gays."
Ron Johnson : Russ Feingold "has not worked anywhere outside of politics."
Mitt Romney : When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, "we didn’t just slow the rate of growth of our government, we actually cut it."
Mitt Romney : "I don't think I've ever hired an illegal in my life."
Bloggers : Quotes Winston Churchill as saying "Diplomacy is the art of telling people to go to hell in such a way that they ask for directions."
Kate Brown : Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor "for less than the price of one of them" in Washington state.
Chris Christie : Says "out of 588 school districts, we give 31 (former Abbott) districts 70 percent of the aid."
Sarah Palin : "We're going to be looking at $8 billion a day that we're going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that we're going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf."
Menendez Facts : "Sen. Bob Menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 3.8%."
Mitt Romney : "Obama's Environmental Protection Agency sent emails for Hispanic Heritage Month with a photo of Che Guevara."
Facebook posts : “CNN is now saying that Trump will win!”
Viral image : Says Mike Pence changed “his Twitter banner photo to Biden and Harris.”
Bloggers : A flight crew took a knee and stranded the New Orleans Saints on an airport runway.
Candace Owens : Says George Soros is "funding the chaos" in Minneapolis via his Open Society Foundations.
Ted Strickland : About $4.89 billion in one-time money was used to balance the current state general revenue fund budget.
Keith Olbermann : A new Republican litmus test "would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan."
Joe Biden : “666,000 teachers have been laid off already since March."
Mary Landrieu : Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.
Sean Hannity : The United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit is "the most overturned court in the country."
John McCain : "I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona."
Doonesbury : Greg Abbott "activated the state guard to monitor" Jade Helm 15 "in case the troops try to impose martial law, disarm innocent Texans, and detain them in tunnels beneath closed Walmart stores."
Romney allies : Mitt Romney did not "endorse" Ted Cruz, even though he said he is voting for Cruz and urged others to do likewise.
Viral image : Unvaccinated people “are making the vaccinated people sick and die, but the unvaccinated people are not dead or sick.”
Ron Johnson : "A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway."
Jimmie T. Smith : "It was found unconstitutional to drug test elected officials because it prevents us, as citizens, from having that First Amendment right."
Suzanne Bonamici : Says "one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime."
Pat McCrory : "Roy Cooper won't say how he will pay for ‘free’ college tuition."
Facebook posts : “Washington public school forces unvaccinated teens to wear ankle monitors” as a condition of playing team sports.
Allen West : "More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector."
Sheila Oliver : Says "$57,000 is the mean [income] in our state" for a family.
Channel24News.com : Says the manager of a Checkers in Miami Gardens, Fla., killed 10 employees.
Donald Trump : "Last year we lost $500 billion on trade with China."
Scott Walker : "Tony Evers says that tax dollars should pay for the abortions just like they pay for tonsillectomies."
Dave Yost : "When Pepper’s tax was finally voted down, Pepper laid off cops and closed jails and let criminals run free in the streets."
Mark Cuban : Says "wealthy people in Canada donate to hospitals" to get better health care treatment.
Terry McAuliffe : Says Ken Cuccinelli tried to make it more difficult for mothers to obtain divorces.
Sara Meaney : “Since the week ending March 14, Wisconsin actually saw a drop in tourism spending compared to last year of $1.7 billion.”
Sean Spicer : "28.2 million Americans are still waiting under Obamacare and remain uninsured!"
Facebook posts : Quotes Anthony Fauci as writing, “I reject the notion that it’s ‘just a virus’ and we’ll all get it eventually. What a careless, lazy, heartless stance.”
Ted Cruz : "The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment."
Donald Trump : Says he created "over 500,000 new jobs -- with a surge in female employment last month."
Eric Swalwell : "15,000 troops will not see their families for #Thanksgiving because of @realDonaldTrump’s Scaravan Stunt. Oh yeah, it’s also costing you 200 million dollars."
Glenn Grothman : “Research illustrates a clear correlation between vitamin D deficiencies and (higher) COVID-19 mortality rates.”
Barack Obama : By the time Obama took office, "The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone."
Donald Trump : "In the past, we have foolishly released hundreds and hundreds of dangerous terrorists, only to meet them again on the battlefield — including the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, who we captured, who we had, who we released."
Joel Griffith : "Of the 14 wealthy OECD countries with a wealth tax in 1996, 10 have since then abandoned it."
Bill Pascrell : Says Congressman Steve Rothman voted against funding for President Barack Obama’s auto bailout and would have let automakers go bankrupt.
Allan Fung : Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was "fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party."
Holly Turner : Says Paul Workman "voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote."
John Boehner : Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains "a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight."
Donald Trump : The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is "rigged."
Mike Rawlings : In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer "police officer-related shootings than any large city in America."
John Kitzhaber : "Since the governor took office, Oregon’s unemployment rate has dropped to its lowest point in three years."
Sidney Powell : “Smartmatic and Dominion systems ... were built to do this very thing, for changing the results of elections.”
Donald Trump Jr. : "Nearly 200,000 Florida voters may not be citizens."
New Boston Republican Committee : Says Democrats racked up a $1 billion state deficit, while Republicans under Bill O'Brien balanced the budget.
Kate Brown : Says for every dollar the state spent on audits last year, it delivered $64 in cost savings.
Loretta Sanchez : The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
Brad Parscale : "Fact: Over 90,000 kids were detained under Obama. And no one cared."
Tommy Thompson : Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks "as the most liberal member of the House."
George Will : If Wisconsin's governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, "it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector" counterparts.
Rick Perry : "When I came into office, our vaccination rate in Texas was 65 percent. When I left two weeks ago, it was 95 percent."
Kasim Reed : The recent process of awarding $3 billion worth of airport vending contracts was the "most open and transparent procurement process in the city’s history."
Facebook posts : “Conservative Supreme Court Justices vote remotely to deny Wisconsin voters their right to vote remotely.”
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans
Mitt Romney : "Since the passage of Obama's stimulus package, over 1 million additional jobs were lost and nearly 25 million Americans are out of work, are stuck in part-time work, or have given up looking."
Bernie Sanders : "In my own state of Vermont, from the very first days of our state's history, what our Constitution says is that everybody can vote. That is true. So people in jail can vote."
Marsha Blackburn : "When Phoenix dropped its sanctuary city policy in 2008, its murder rate fell 27 percent the following year."
Barack Obama : Says "our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years."
Bernie Sanders : Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.
Facebook posts : Wearing face masks may cause "pulmonary fibrosis" and other health risks in children.
Paul Romero : “Pallet Company in Oregon City confirmed Antifa arsonist on camera. Douglas County Sheriff has 6 ANTIFA arsonists in custody.”
John Kasich : "Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two."
Tim Moore : North Carolina is one of "very few states" that give the governor sole discretion to pick judges.
Joe Straus : Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public education’s share of state spending.
Dan Patrick : Every "one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been" in "gun-free zones."
Students, Parents and Teachers supporting Marshall Tuck : Says Tony Thurmond was "sued by the ACLU" for leaving students in unsafe conditions.
Kay Bailey Hutchison : "The only growth sector that we’ve had in the last two years in America is government growth."
Facebook posts : Gov. Gavin Newsom has “no power or authority” to extend the state of emergency in California because it expired “automatically” on May 6, 2020.
John Kasich : "State employees are actually going to get a pay raise."
Kevin Sorbo : “So California is requiring signature verification for Gavin Newsom’s recall, but didn’t require it for the mail in ballots.”
Gwen Moore : "There are so many data that demonstrate that poor people, surprisingly, are less likely to use drugs than people with means."
Facebook posts : Says a video captures sound from the surface of Mars
Joe Manchin : West Virginia has "more veterans per capita" than any state.
Facebook posts : “PHIL MURPHY ONLY ALLOWING IN PERSON VOTING ON Election Day AT PRUDENTIAL CENTER IN NEWARK NJ - Calling it a #SuperPollingStation”
Rick Scott : "While (Charlie Crist) was governor, utility costs went up 30 percent and went from below the national average to above the national average. Since I got elected, utility rates have come down 11 percent and now we are below the average."
Joe Biden : Says Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan support "massive cuts in Social Security for future generations."
Ted Cruz : UPS left 15,000 employees’ spouses "without health insurance" and told them to, "go on an exchange with no employer subsidy."
Nancy McFarlane : "We are spending more on affordable housing than we're spending on Dix Park right now."
John Tassoni Jr. : The Central Falls School system "spent $100,000 on a time clock."
Infowars : Says Loretta Lynch was part of "a stunning collection of calls to violence and murder from the intolerant, unhinged leftists in the Democrat party."
Facebook posts : “Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer bans buying US flags during lockdown.”
Stephen Zappala : Stephen Zappala is "the only DA in our state to convict an on-duty police officer of criminal homicide."
Dave Aronberg : Dave Aronberg "was the first to demand that BP create a billion-dollar fund to pay for the devastation."
Shenggen Fan : Every dollar of foreign aid for agricultural research "will bring $4 in trade with the countries and the United States ... generating employment back in the U.S."
Committee to Defend the President : Says Obama said black people have the "worst jobs, the worst housing" and face rampant police brutality, "but when so-called black committeemen came around election time we’d all line up and vote the straight Democratic ticket, sell our souls for a Christmas turkey."
Joe Biden : In Libya, "America spent $2 billion total and didn’t lose a single life."
Noah Smith : "Since 1990, production of metals in the U.S. has held roughly constant, but the number of people employed in the industry has fallen steadily."
Facebook posts : An “anti-Black Lives Matter” flag replaced the American flag behind President Trump during a Waukesha campaign rally.
Viral image : The intersection of a rainbow and tornado is called a "tornabow."
Donald Trump : "Household income among Hispanic Americans has just set a new record high."
Katie McGinty : "Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes."
Rob Portman : Says a "Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working … "
"John Kitzhaber : Says his state budget will ""provide an increase in state funding
for the 2011-12 school year."""
Mark Pocan : Says Scott Walker recently said "he got his bald spot from hitting his head on a cabinet, and it's not a joke, he actually said that his bald spot came because he hit his head on a cabinet."
Ashley Hinson : President Joe Biden’s day one approach to immigration included "blanket amnesty and halting border wall construction."
Donald Trump : Heroin comes in the United States "from the southern border."
Georgia Farm Bureau : Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgia’s economy annually, making it the state’s largest industry.
Joe Davis, Sr. : The streetcar project proposed for downtown Milwaukee "would actually take precious revenue away" from the Milwaukee Public Schools.
Keith Ellison : "House GOP rules package bars CBO from counting spikes in deficit spending spurred by an ACA repeal."
Republican National Committee : Says Joe Biden said voting by mail is a way to “fundamentally change this country,” contradicting past statements by Barack Obama and Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Pete Snyder : “All of the science and data say it’s perfectly safe to have teachers and students in the classroom.”
Rick Perry : "Houston suffered $1.7 billion in operating losses under Mayor Bill White."
Wisconsin Humane Society : An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget "exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws."
Mitt Romney : "He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close Guantanamo, thank heavens."
Barack Obama : "We've seen more manufacturing jobs created since I've been president than anytime since the 1990s. That's a fact."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Claims that Democratic candidate for governor Matt Flynn "told one child predator to ‘wait and see,’ when he should have turned him in to authorities."
Republican Party of Texas : "House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so that the American people can actually find out what's in it."
Viral image : "When two large whales do the nasty there’s sometimes this one bro who just sort of holds them up so they don’t float off."
Eric Greitens : "We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days."
Facebook posts : Says an 11-year-old girl shot and killed two armed "illegal aliens" after they broke into her home in Montana.
Lynn Westmoreland : President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry agreed "to lift Iran’s economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct."
Paul Ryan : Obamacare "is not a popular law."
Mike Pence : "We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation."
Mitt Romney : Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldn’t build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
Bernie Sanders : "When Trump won, we had the lowest voter turnout in 20 years."
Mitch McConnell : "The bottom line is clear: Under the policies of this unified Republican government, American workers, families, and business owners are achieving economic growth that is unmatched in recent memory. … More than 1 million new jobs have been created just since we passed tax reform last December."
Jeff Flake : Says Donald Trump's use of the term "fake news" to undermine journalism "seems (to have) inspired dictators and authoritarians."
Facebook posts : Quotes Bernie Sanders as saying, "Christianity is an insult to Muslims."
Michael Bloomberg : "There's a loophole where you can sell guns without a background check … 40 percent of guns are sold that way" at gun shows and over the Internet.
Farouk Shami : "We have killed lots of innocent people in the state of Texas."
Maine Democratic Party : Say Maine U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin "voted to gut your retirement benefits."
Facebook posts : 1 percent of Americans are millionaires. 47 percent of House Reps. are millionaires. 56 percent of Senators are millionaires.
Milwaukeeans for Self-Governance : Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan "has worked as a prosecutor."
Marco Rubio : The Obama administration’s 2013 Syria proposal "had no clear objective," while Trump’s Syria strike "had a clear strategic objective."
Bloggers : Says Keanu Reeves gave a speech that began, "I cannot be part of a world where men dress their wives as prostitutes by showing everything that should be cherished ..."
Teresa Ghilarducci : "A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year."
Bloggers : "Lindsey Graham threatens to convert to Democrat if Republicans don’t Dump Trump."
Ron Maag : Employees in "workplace freedom" states make more money
Bill Pascrell : Says "sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldn't pay their health care bills."
Mitt Romney : "We're only inches away from no longer being a free economy."
David Cicilline : Says "John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns."
Facebook posts : Says Facebook is now a "public entity" that will be able to "use your photos" and "information" unless you post a statement declining your permission.
Dan Patrick : "Last year, I proposed directing more of the education budget to teacher salaries, a move that would have resulted in an average $10,000 raise for teachers."
Debra Medina : Says a prank phone call caused "400 children to be taken from their parents... without warrant."
Terry McAuliffe : State Medicaid expansion "will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years."
Tom Tancredo : Between 2008 and 2014, "criminal aliens accounted for 38 percent of all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York."
Donna Garner : Says Joe Straus "was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education."
John Boehner : "About 95 percent of (Ohio’s) electricity comes from burning coal."
Ted Cruz : Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over "with the paperwork."
Grover Norquist : Under Hillary Clinton, State Department "officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation."
Hillary Clinton : "400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You don’t get that done unless you work with folks on the other side."
Donald Trump : Illegal immigration "wasn’t a subject that was on anybody’s mind until I brought it up at my announcement."
Scott Walker : "We’ve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home."
Lou Dobbs : Because of President Barack Obama’s failure to "push job creation," the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate.
Barack Obama : "The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one."
Facebook posts : Says Prince invested in Nike in 1971, recruited Michael Jordan to the company in 1983 and designed the first Air Jordans.
Dan Bishop : Says "Dan McCready took money from Ilhan Omar"
Bruce Rauner : The status quo led the General Assembly to reduce pension payments four straight years starting in 2005, costing billions of dollars as the delay in contributions essentially borrowed from pension funds at a very high interest rate.
Bono : When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."
Bobby Scott : The tax-cut deal "adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act" and about the same as health care reform.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : "Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare."
Paul Babeu : "The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming."
Steve Oroho : "We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country."
New Approach Oregon : In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012.
Judy Chu : The GOP health bill "would once again allow being a rape or domestic violence victim to be a pre-existing condition."
Bloggers : Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez compared Trump to Jesus, calling both “con artists.”
Kamala Harris : Says the Obama administration was doing pattern-or-practice investigations of discrimination by police departments and “Donald Trump came in with Jeff Sessions and undid those.”
Donald Trump : Says of immigrant family separations at the border, "we had the exact same policy as the Obama administration."
Atlanta Braves : The Atlanta Braves are "the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America."
Bloggers : Says Ann Coulter said, "I am a settler. I am descended from settlers — not from immigrants."
Athens Banner-Herald : Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the state’s population grew.
Hillary Clinton : When mentioning Villanova’s buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: "I love those come-from-behind victories."
Tom Cotton : Says "President Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill."
Sharlene Leurig : "Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water."
Democratic National Committee : Mitch McConnell opposed "legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . .  health care for Kentucky's children," and "fair pay for women."
Dawn Buckingham : "Hundreds of illegal immigrants subject to detainers were released in the last week since the new sanctuary policy was adopted by the Travis County Sheriff's Office."
Chain email : The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
Silvestre Reyes : The "six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."
Bloggers : Says a New York physician and his wife jumped to their deaths because they "can’t afford" Obamacare.
Jeff Amason : "The state budget has increased almost $800 million a year in each of the last two years."
John McCain : "(Obama's) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down."
Viral image : "How to Survive The Coming Ice Age" was a Time magazine cover story in 1977.
Jon Runyan : The deal to raise the nation’s debt ceiling will "directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever."
Rick Scott : Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
Kyleen Wright : Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
Roger Stone : Says Hillary Clinton "shows up in Broward County" and had a private meeting with elections supervisor Brenda Snipes.
Barack Obama : "Thirty million Americans, including a lot of people in Florida, are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law."
Ted Strickland : "In Ohio, we invested in our children, raising school funding by 5.5 percent in the last budget."
Facebook posts : “We spent billions on a border wall and quit when it was 90% finished.”
Donald Trump : "From 2010 to 2017, natural gas production plummeted by nearly 70 percent in New York, but it soared almost 1,000 percent in Pennsylvania."
Instagram posts : The Moderna vaccine contains an ingredient that is “for research use only, not meant for human or veterinary use.”
AFSCME : "Jim Renacci supports a national sales tax of 23 percent."
Farouk Shami : Bill White "is discriminating. He's taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends."
Facebook posts : “Fauci’s emails leaked.”
Occupy Democrats : After actions by Gov. Scott Walker and Republicans, Wisconsin "is dead broke."
Facebook posts : "Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. That's 270 people a day and 87 dead."
John Stemberger : The largest number of gamblers are "from the poorest segments of the population."
Coalition To Save Memorial Hospital Birthing Center : "This unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of Mother-Friendly care as outlined by the national Coalition for Improving Maternity Services Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative."
John McCain : "Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience."
Donald Trump : "When they say Mexico can't pay for the wall, I say of course they can. We have a trade deficit with Mexico that's unbelievably big. ... It's billions and billions of dollars -- far more than what we're talking about for the wall."
Bloggers : Say Jeffrey Epstein is not dead.
Roy Moore : NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem is "against the law."
Andrew Gillum : "In Congress, Ron DeSantis demanded that any new health law eliminate protections for people with pre-existing conditions."
Facebook posts : "Income taxes are voluntary."
Larry Gonzales : Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
Kamala Harris : "The average tax refund is down about $170 compared to last year. Let’s call the President’s tax cut what it is: a middle-class tax hike to line the pockets of already wealthy corporations and the 1%."
Todd Rokita : "Luke Messer? He plotted with the Never-Trumpers to steal the nomination from President Trump."
Rick Perry : Says an estimate that Texas will face an $18 billion budget gap is “a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed."
Katie Pavlich : The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau "passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented power to shut down businesses, no matter what the reason, at any time it wishes."
Donald Trump : The 2018 Academy Awards show was the "lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY."
Bloggers : "Actor Brad Pitt: ‘Trump is not my president, we have no future with this…’"
Ted Cruz : Says Americans "invented ‘Pong,’ ‘Space Invaders’ and the iPhone."
Viral image : Stacks of bricks are showing up in Denver because “the Evil Left is getting ready to destroy downtown.”
Scott Walker : When it comes to protesters in Madison, "almost all" are now from outside of Wisconsin.
Ted Cruz : "Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election."
Joee Lindbeck : "Two years ago Providence alone spent $50,000 a year notifying the school department" about residents in the state's sex offender registry.
James Florio : "We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. That’s almost as big as the population."
Barack Obama : "Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel — and every other country — to zero."
Sean Hannity : The Trump administration has had “zero unfulfilled equipment and supply requests from state governors.”
Chris Kennedy : "Zero percent of kids in Cairo are college-ready."
Hillary Clinton : "What the District of Columbia was trying to do (with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns."
Cory Booker : Says "if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that you've been arrested before an average of 10 times."
Focus on the Family Action : Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
Hank Gilbert : Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.
Jake Tapper : "The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined."
David Dewhurst : The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."
Bloggers : “USPS failed to deliver 27% of mail-in ballots in South Florida”
Viral image : There’s a "new Netflix show to make little boys into ‘sexy’ little girls."
Michael Turner : Some "20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions" as a result of "political favoritism and backroom deals."
Instagram posts : An email from Dr. Anthony Fauci shows "everyone was lied to" about wearing masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
Nancy Jester : Georgia "spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five."
Priorities USA Action : "Mitt Romney’s pledged to protect (oil companies') record profits – and their billions in special tax breaks, too."
Viral image : “Arizona and Georgia now have the proof,” Joe Biden is “not our elected president!”
Mun Choi : “The facility (NextGen Precision Health Institute) construction alone will bring 3,400 jobs and $472 million in revenue to Missouri.”
Joe Manchin : "19% of WVians rely on SNAP," or food stamps.
Viral image : "In 2010, Maxine Waters steered $12 million in TARP funds to her husband’s private bank account. She was indicted but served no time."
Nick Ciparro : "In the last 10 years, only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by" John Duncan Jr.
Sam Adams : Says "TriMet's own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agency's costs."
J. Xavier : "Farouk is on fire."
Jon Huntsman : Utah was "the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service" as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs.
Bernie Sanders : "Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches."
Kitty Boitnott : Teachers "are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases."
Chris Koster : "Closing our state’s wage gap would make a $9 billion difference to Missouri women."
Maggie Hassan : Says New Hampshire had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country during Maggie Hassan’s time in the state Senate.
Ron Paul : Says Rick Perry wrote a letter "supporting Hillarycare."
Rick Scott : Says his tax and fee cuts will save households "$540 over two years."
State Public Service Announcement : By the end of 2015, more than 1,300 people will have died on Georgia roads. One of out evey four fatalities resulted from drunken driving.
Joe Biden : "If you shut down Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, it's estimated you'd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic."
Chris Murphy : “At UNC 14% of students tested positive.”
Wendy Davis : Says that each year, about 25,000 American women become pregnant through rape or incest.
Ted Cruz : Saturday Night Live executive producer "Lorne Michaels could be put in jail under this amendment for making fun of any politician."
Rick Perry : Says President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy.
Joe Biden : California firefighters decided "to speak out" against President Trump because his tweet about the state’s wildfires "contained so much misinformation."
Mary Burke : Says Scott Walker's jobs agency gives financial incentives that lead "Wisconsin companies to look at shipping jobs elsewhere. ... A company got $4.6 million in taxpayer money and actually reduced its jobs by 300 people."
Tom Tiffany : Says spending by Democrats is driving major jumps in car rentals, gas prices and hotel prices this summer
Bernie Sanders : Americans "are working longer hours for low wages . . . and yet almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent."
Paul Ryan : Medicare is "going broke. The trust fund goes bankrupt in 2026."
Dennis Kucinich : "Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue."
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : A "majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants."
Ron Johnson : "Kids coming from an affluent background" are "taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants" while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab.
John Albers : When he worked for AT&T, he "was responsible for large parts in a $5 billion organization."
Senate Leadership Fund : Says Roy Moore is "on the wrong side of Trump’s border wall."
Facebook posts : “The CDC just confirmed a 0.2% death-rate for COVID19.”
Brad Blakeman : "When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps."
Facebook posts : “Nancy Pelosi’s Brother’s Company Received $737 Million from Obama’s Energy Dept!”
Bloggers : "Roy Moore’s accuser arrested and charged with falsification."
Viral image : Says Chadwick Boseman was poisoned and his death is being investigated as a homicide.
Bud Chiles : "Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care."
American Commitment : Bill Nelson’s vote for the Affordable Care Act "cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs."
David Axelrod : "The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan."
Mindy Montford : Says she’s "tried over 100 jury cases in Travis County courts."
Ed MacDougall : Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo "opposes the repeal of Obamacare."
Donald Trump : "Since China joined — that’s another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories."
Uber : "Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market."
Democratic National Committee : In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats "got outspent in a Republican district."
Facebook posts : "If Trump is impeached in the house & not senate, he can run 2 more times."
John Loughlin : "We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country."
David Perdue : The diversity visa lottery is "plagued by fraud."
John Kasich : "We are now eighth in the nation in job creation . . . we are No. 1 in the Midwest."
Terry McAuliffe : “I inherited the largest budget deficit in the history of the state from the Republicans.”
Bloggers : "All Citizens Who Want to Receive Gvt Benefits Must Agree to Be Microchipped in the Near Future"
Donald Trump : The nuclear deal gave Iran "$150 billion, giving $1.8 billion in cash — in actual cash carried out in barrels and in boxes from airplanes."
Donald Trump : Says Bernie Sanders is going to "tax you people at 90 percent."
Laura Ingraham : “You may not have stayed in a hotel in the past year, but illegals arriving since Biden’s inauguration, they get to stay free of charge.”
Dan Patrick : Says 315,000 mostly minority Texas students are enrolled in failing schools.
Hillary Clinton : "When I withdrew in June of 2008, polls were showing that at least 40 percent of my supporters said, oh, they weren't going to support Sen. Obama."
Barack Obama : "The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to  kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple."
Scott Walker : "For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million."
Jeb Bush : "My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family."
Rand Paul : "Both Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes."
Lisa Tomasso : "Rhode Island’s exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years."
Rick Scott : Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
Barack Obama : Because of the new health care law, "17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition."
Tammy Baldwin : "There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break."
Morgan Carroll : Says Mike Coffman said two different things: "stop the deportations" in a Spanish-language debate and "you're going to be deported" in an English-language TV interview.
Rick Perry : Coca-Cola’s CEO "said he finds it easier to do work in China than in the United States."
Richard Besser : "It used to be that the only children at school who weren't vaccinated were those who had true medical" conditions. "Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions."
Jeff Jensen : "It’s nothing I do, but the probation office here in the Eastern District of Missouri is the best in the country. They have about a 7.5% recidivism rate, compared to national averages of 70 or 80%"
Christy Harrison : "We have a host of issues associated with high B.M.I.s. But correlation doesn’t prove causation, and there’s a significant body of research showing that weight stigma and weight cycling can explain most if not all of the associations we see between higher weights and poor health outcomes."
Barack Obama : Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.
Occupy Democrats : Says "Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit" and Obama "reduced Bush Jr.’s deficit to just $492 billion."
Chris Larson : “The coronavirus has officially reached Milwaukee County.”
John Kitzhaber : "Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time."
Stephen Sweeney : Says "67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce."
Republican National Committee : Judge Sotomayor has said "that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."
James Bennett : "Our numbers are going up at the airport."
Bryan Long : Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years.
John McCain : Obama "says he'll raise taxes on electricity."
Nita Lowey : An amendment to the House health reform bill "puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."
Jim Moran : "Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion."
Don Pridemore : Says Gov. Tony Evers “has never had a real job.”
David Axelrod : Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked "47th in job creation."
John Loughlin : After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed "exponential growth."
AsAmericanAsApplePie.org : "Hillary (Clinton) caught on tape laughing about (Hurricane) Irma ‘wiping out all of those Florida hillbillies’."
Nikema Williams : "Georgia is nearly 50 percent Democratic and (the Republican majority) diminished our voting strength to 32 percent through gerrymandered maps."
Chris Christie : "For a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in Newark this year, they have a 29 percent graduation rate."
Josh Mandel : "Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976."
Bloggers : "President Trump just told Paul Ryan, ‘You’re fired.’"
Facebook posts : "In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a year's full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice."
Kay Bailey Hutchison : Gov. Rick Perry "spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month."
Bloggers : "Red trees are significant to the early Christian church. In eastern Europe, the church would dye the trees red to symbolize the blood of Jesus & the resurrection."
Democratic Party of Virginia : Says Virginia House Republicans are sacrificing $5 million a day in U.S. funds by refusing to expand Medicaid.
Robert Gates : "The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops."
Cora Faith Walker : "The average life expectancy for African Americans in Saint Louis and Saint Louis County varies by as much as 18 years compared to the white population, with nearly half of all African-American kids under the age of 18 living in poverty."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Barack Obama looking through binoculars the wrong way.
Mitt Romney : Newt Gingrich’s immigration plan offers "a new doorway to amnesty."
League of Women Voters of the Austin Area : Says opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the district’s "debt load doubles with these new bonds."
Tulsi Gabbard : "There’s a hacking conference that’s held every year in Las Vegas, where I think a 14- or 15-year old-girl from Florida hacked into a replica of Florida’s election system in less than 15 minutes."
Viral image : The FBI building in Washington is “completely closed. No one’s in there.”
Paul Krugman : During the 2005 fight over Social Security, "there were noisy demonstrations — but they were outside the events," and opponents were "not disruptive — crowds booed lines they didn’t like, but that was about it."
Viral image : Says Candace Owens tweeted, “Yes, my husband did cheat on me with my brother. Yes, he said no when I asked to join.”
Bloggers : "Obama’s lawyers officially admit birth certificate is fake."
Mark Pocan : End of eviction moratorium means “millions of Americans” could lose their housing in the middle of a pandemic.
Hillary Clinton : Says Bernie Sanders "voted for what we call the 'Charleston Loophole.'"
Kamala Harris : Says at his confirmation hearing Brett Kavanaugh said birth control methods could be considered "abortion-inducing drugs."
George Nee : "Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement."
Glenn Beck : "In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate."
Facebook posts : Says Kamala Harris said, “American churches are PROPAGANDA CENTERS for intolerant homophobic, xenophobic vitriol."
Bernie Sanders : "Puerto Rico’s $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds."
Bloggers : Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
Tweets : “Near Morgantown, WV, a Moderna shipment truck crashed, hazmat dispatched, airspace shut down and now apparently Emergency Response is claiming the Department of Defense took it over.”
Republican National Committee : "2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama."
Facebook posts : The CDC “adjusted the US Covid deaths from 153,504 to 9,210.”
Vicky Hartzler : Unemployment report shows “America is bouncing back.”
David Ignatius : "Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people."
Tom DeLay : The prosecutor who brought the indictment of Texas Gov. Rick Perry "has ties to Obama. He has ties to the Democrats."
Florida Democratic Party : Says "Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal."
Bloggers : Say Ohio Reps. Marcia Fudge, Marcy Kaptur and Dennis Kucinich are "socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress."
Ruben Gallego : "For what it would cost the (National) Guard to make just two arrests at the border, we could give a homeless veteran permanent housing for an entire year."
Reince Priebus : "What the facts say" is ... "the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad."
Bloggers : Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
Scott Randolph : Gov. Rick Scott "is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs."
Hillary Clinton : "By the time I left" the State Department, "economic growth was up and opium production was down" in Afghanistan, while "infant mortality declined" and school enrollment rose by more than sevenfold.
Eric Cantor : "Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education."
David Axelrod : Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
John Kasich : "You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it."
Glenn Beck : Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent.
Facebook posts : Says “31 U.S. troops” were “killed in Afghanistan yesterday.”
Gavin Newsom : California is leading the nation in holding drug companies accountable and fighting prescription drug prices.
Joni Ernst : "A strong majority of Americans support" the Keystone XL pipeline.
Matt Bevin : "Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights."
Peter DeFazio : Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact,  the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
Stacey Abrams : Says Stacey Evans "voted for (school) vouchers...in the beginning."
Rick Perry : "In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs."
Dennis Richardson : "Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families."
Mitch McConnell : "A major part" of the climate change bill sponsored by Sens. John Kerry and Joe Lieberman "was essentially written by BP."
Mark Hass : Says Oregon recyclers can't recycle plastic bags
Bloggers : Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, British and Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.
Jeb Bush : "If you're born poor, you're more likely to stay poor than any time in American history."
Greg Abbott : "Wendy Davis’ legal work is currently under FBI investigation."
Michael Lee : Teacher pay has increased under Republican leadership every year for the past 5 years.  In fact, even according to the national teacher's unions own rankings, NC ranked number 2 in the U.S. for fastest rising teacher pay 2016-2017.
Rick Perry : "I had five of my citizens that were killed last week" because of border security problems.
Daily World Update : "Hillary Clinton killed in monster truck mishap."
Mitt Romney : "If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent."
Dan Kaufman : The proposed Gogebic mine in northern Wisconsin "could be extended as long as 21 miles."
Brian Kolb : The Buffalo Billion is "still breaking every job promise"
Chris Christie : "To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then you're out of the union, but you've got to pay it every year, also required by statute. That’s called a representation fee."
Kellyanne Conway : There "are not cuts to Medicaid" in the GOP health care proposals.
Brett Smiley : "Of all cities in the United States with more than 100,000 people, Providence is the 183rd safest."
Peter Barca : "The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year" in grant money.
Sherrod Brown : The "House-passed budget proposal could cut funding for programs that help keep local neighborhoods safe, slash more than $1.7 million in anti-terror funds for Ohio."
John Boehner : "The president went on a stimulus-fueled spending binge that stuck every American man, woman and child with a $50,000 share of this $16 trillion debt."
Jon Kyl : Obama's position on nuclear arms is a "march toward global zero."
Viral image : "A duck’s quack doesn’t echo and nobody can figure out why."
Rush Holt : Says in 1944 "we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now."
Chris Dudley : Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
Facebook posts : "Fox admits they lie" and, under the First Amendment, "have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves."
Nathan Deal : This year’s state budget and my spending proposal for Fiscal Year 2016 represent an infusion of more than $1 billion in additional money for K-12 education.
Sam Johnson : "Social Security is in trouble (it’s going bankrupt by 2034)."
Bob Sears : "Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death."
Michele Bachmann : "When we got the income tax in 1913, the top rate was 7 percent. By 1980, the top rate was 70 percent."
Michael Moore : "Seventy percent of the American public agree with" Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez "on having the top marginal (tax) rate for the rich" at 70 percent, and "that's a Fox News Poll saying that."
Jeb Bush : Says Donald Trump "was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican."
Eric Hovde : "The failed economic policies" of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve "are making gas prices higher while America’s economy is running on fumes."
John Edwards : "Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China."
Donald Trump : "Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy."
Tony Evers : Says Wisconsin measures have "prevented the death of at least 300 Wisconsinites, and perhaps as many as 1,400 lives."
Wisconsin Republican Legislative leaders : Wisconsin’s 2019-21 budget produced the first positive general fund balance since 2000, and the governor’s proposed 2021-23 budget would return it to a deficit.
Tom DeLay : Says Travis County, home to Austin, is the most liberal county in the United States.
Barack Obama : "The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.''
Hillary Clinton : "On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation."
Steve Doocy : "NASA scientists fudged the numbers to make 1998 the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming."
CountyNewsroom.info : Says "2 moms, 5 kids killed in car crash" in a nearby county.
Facebook posts : Says Ben Shapiro said on Twitter that his “red pill moment” was sharing cupcakes with poor kids.
Facebook posts : Says a photo from JFK airport shows "our troops leaving to protect each one of us and our country."
Ralph Reed : "Social science is irrefutable" that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
Barack Obama : Says under Mitt Romney, "Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan."
Phil Kent : The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board "can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general."
Scott Walker : Says the success of his economic agenda is supported by the fact "we went from unemployment at 9.2 percent when I decided to run for governor four years ago to two points lower."
Wendy Davis : Greg Abbott "has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls."
Facebook posts : "Richard Hayne, president and CEO of Urban Outfitters … (is) a supporter of Rick Santorum and donated over $13,000 to him."
Paul Ryan : President Obama "funneled" $716 billion out of Medicare "at the expense of the elderly."
Rand Paul : "The president won the youth vote 3 to 1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth."
John Kasich : "We’re. . . keeping and creating jobs in our state. From American Greetings, to Wendy’s, to Diebold, we’ve gone to their doorsteps to keep jobs right here in Ohio."
Cory Booker : “There is a direct connection between discriminatory policies within the USDA and the enormous land loss we have seen among Black farmers over the past century."
Michael Bloomberg : Says Donald Trump "games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages."
Ted Strickland : "In 2009, the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate."
Bill Lynch : Cicilline "continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign."
Sheldon Whitehouse : "An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008."
Jeff Merkley : "I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act" for transportation and infrastructure.
Viral image : Says Barack Obama "signed the law authorizing federal agents to snatch protesters off the streets” in Portland, Ore.
Facebook posts : Says the state of Maryland issued these Independence Day 2020 safety guidelines.
Jeff Cogen : Multnomah County has faced "11 straight years" of cuts
Jerrold Nadler : "The various people who have, in fact, committed terrorist acts in this country, from 9/11 on, none of them came from any of the seven countries that are the subject of the president's executive order."
Boyd Richie : Says Gov. Rick Perry is “spending Texans’ hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.”
Chain email : In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
YourNewsWire.com : "Investigators: Anthony Bourdain was killed by Clinton operatives."
Donald Trump : The Islamic State "just built a hotel in Syria."
Facebook posts : Says Joe Biden owns a private island next to Jeffrey Epstein’s.
Chris Collins : "Because of #TaxReform, 4 million American workers have received raises and bonuses, and 90% of Americans are seeing bigger paychecks this month."
Deval Patrick : "By the time (Mitt Romney) left office, Massachusetts was 47th in the nation in job creation."
Ted Nugent : Says a picture he posted on Facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is "one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free."
Kendrick Meek : "Warren Buffett called (Jeff) Greene's scheme 'financial weapons of mass destruction.' "
Henry Sanders : Today in Selma, Ala., "the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites."
Stephen Sweeney : Says the average government worker won't be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
Donald Trump : "The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago, is 13,000 miles (long)."
Florida Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee : Says Jose Felix Diaz supports President Donald Trump's "plan to slash Medicare, charge older Americans an age tax and cut coverage for pre-existing conditions."
Eric Cantor : "There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period."
Scott Walker : Obamacare doesn’t require members of Congress "to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do."
Kurt Schrader : Says Scott Bruun "still believes in the same old direction that George Bush had before, which is to privatize Social Security."
Bill Brady : Says Oregon’s highest income tax bracket included anyone making more than $250,000 in 2012 before the state expanded its upper bracket to include "anyone making more than $125,000."
Charlie Crist : "We’re the Sunshine State, and we’re hardly doing any solar energy production."
Colin Jost : "There is a real law in Texas that says it’s illegal to own more than six dildos."
Michael Sullivan : "If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers."
Rush Limbaugh : "Climate change is nothing but a bunch of computer models that attempt to tell us what's going to happen in 50 years or 30. Notice the predictions are never for next year or the next 10 years. They're always for way, way, way, way out there, when none of us are going to be around or alive to know whether or not they were true."
Nathan Deal : The state of Georgia lost 16 percent of its employees last year, and that percentage has risen over the past three years.
Facebook posts : Says photo shows "the Golden Gate Bridge opening to the public for the first time back in 1937, and yes, it almost collapsed."
Viral image : Twitter removed this tweet from Donald Trump: “My blood IS the vaccine!!!!!”
Viral image : Says President Joe Biden fell asleep during a meeting with Israel’s prime minister.
Republican Party of Florida : "Newspapers say Florida made bad investments, lost hundreds of millions of dollars, billions in pension funds lost. Who was in charge of Florida's investments? Alex Sink."
Maggie Hassan : Six thousand people have sought addiction treatment through expanded Medicaid.
Bernie Sanders : "The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income."
Adriano Espaillat : “40% of jobs in this country pay less than the average unemployment check of $750/week.”
John Albers : It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
Occupy Democrats : "Fox ‘News’ just announced that they will not air Mueller’s testimony about his report, which they claim ‘exonerates’ Trump."
Facebook posts : Says President Theodore Roosevelt said "To anger a conservative, lie to him. To anger a liberal, tell him the truth."
Barack Obama : The cost of "health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down" the federal budget deficit.
Dana Loesch : In comparing mass shootings, "France had a higher casualty rate in one year than the entire two administrations of Barack Obama."
Deborah Ross : Says Richard Burr "was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave."
Joe Scarborough : "President Trump’s Republican Party will create more debt in one year than was generated in the first 200 years of America’s existence."
Marc Molinaro : New York has "among the highest tax burdens of any state in the nation"
Bernie Sanders : Says Donald Trump "believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25."
Viral image : Says Bernie Sanders wants "to make the cut off date for abortions up to 36 weeks" because he says "a baby at that point feels no pain and has no rights to life."
Facebook posts : The Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine is "99% graphene oxide," which is "toxic to the human body and causes a number of problems.
Facebook posts : Photo shows an electric car charging station that uses "12 gallons of diesel fuel per hour, and it takes three hours to fully charge a car to get 200 miles. That's 36 gallons for 200 miles. 5.6 mpg."
Peter Nehr : An Internet sweepstakes cafe is "a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state."
Patrick Murphy : "Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years."
Facebook posts : Says six eradicated diseases such as whooping cough and the bubonic plague are making a comeback "thanks to refugees and illegal immigrants."
Mike Dovilla : "Mike Dovilla’s big ideas like expanding the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Credit, which helped bring films like ‘The Avengers’ to Cleveland, have helped make our state No. 1 in the Midwest for job creation."
Tom Perriello : Says Robert Hurt "supports the tax loopholes that send American jobs overseas."
Illinois Policy Institute : The new tax will make soda sold in Chicago among the most expensive in the country.
Josh Hawley : “Last year, Pennsylvania elected officials passed a whole new law that allows universal mail-in balloting, and did it irregardless of what the Pennsylvania Constitution said.”
Viral image : Says a photo of a woman with multiple bruises on her face is Democrat Keith Ellison’s girlfriend and he is responsible for her injuries.
Sabino "Pio" Renteria : "Fifteen years ago, you couldn't even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood."
Barack Obama : Says he could be "the first president in modern history to be outspent."
Chris Clark : In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
Paul Krugman : Texas leads "the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance."
David A. Clarke Jr. : The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was "back on the street" because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only "served two years."
John Thrasher : Says that had E-Verify been in place in Florida when 9/11 terrorists lived here, "we might have saved the lives of 3,000 Americans."
Sloan Roach : Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
Chain email : Says Michelle Obama waved "red communist flags" on her trip to China.
Chain email : Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
Dan Patrick : Says Texas tax legislation would "save the average homeowner in Texas $20,000 a year over the next 20 years or so."
Viral image : Says U.S. Rep. Rashida Tlaib was photographed in front of a picture of Osama bin Laden and an ISIS flag.
Robert Gates : "The policy of the Bush administration was also not to add new nuclear capabilities."
Major Garrett : "It's been nearly three weeks since the president has commented" on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
Sam Brown Petsonk : A lawsuit against the Affordable Care Act backed by West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey “would eliminate health care for over 800,000 West Virginians.”
Pink Slip Rick : Says Rick Scott’s proposal for election reform "only mandates 48 hours of early voting."
Hillary Clinton : "How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They don't."
Facebook posts : Says pre-cut onion used to cook the following day "becomes highly poisonous for even a single night and creates toxic bacteria which may cause adverse stomach infections because of excess bile secretions and even food poisoning."
Diamond and Silk : "We have never been paid by the Trump campaign."
Josh Mandel : Says  Sherrod Brown’s campaign attacked Josh Mandel’s military service
Joe Biden : “McDonald’s (makes) you all sign noncompete contracts that you cannot go across town to try to get a job at Burger King.”
Andrew Napolitano : Says Brett Kavanaugh is "pro-Obamacare."
Mike Adams : A state senate bill would "criminalize a father teaching his own son how to use a hunting rifle."
Mamie Locke : "The United States has a low voter turnout rate."
Chris Christie : "The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced."
Facebook posts : Says people shouldn’t make birthday donations on Facebook because the organization can claim the donation as a tax write-off, and only has to deliver 15% of the donation to the charity organization.
Terry McAuliffe : Says an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli "should have been prosecuted" for disclosure violations, but Virginia's law was too weak.
Facebook posts : “In Italy, they have thrown their money on the streets. A clear message to the whole world that money is not enough when health is in danger.”
Jennette Gayer : "We have had over 40 days this summer where it was unsafe to breathe the air."
John Cornyn : "The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work."
Rick Perry : “This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state Ethics Commission.”
Greg Abbott : Says the EPA "outsourced the scientific basis for its greenhouse gas regulation to a scandal-plagued international organization that cannot be considered objective or trustworthy."
Facebook posts : “Fauci admits he isn’t listening to the science when advocating policy.”
Greg Abbott : A Texas law "will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas."
Ron Klein : "West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign."
Bloggers : Australia is microchipping its public.
Facebook posts : Says President Barack Obama "signed the medical appliance tax bill that forced companies to outsource manufacturing of masks, gowns, gloves and ventilaors [sic] to China, Europe and Russia to avoid the tax.”
Don Francis : Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
Howard Dean : "There's no rationing in any of these bills."
Ted Cruz : Philadelphia is “clouding the vote counting in a shroud of darkness.”
Tom Barrett : Says Gov. Scott Walker "has caused Wisconsin to lose more jobs than any other state in the country."
Leah Vukmir : Tammy Baldwin "opposed displaying the flag and reciting the Pledge of Allegiance or singing the National Anthem in our classrooms."
Senate Majority PAC : Says Susan Collins "voted against accountability for opioid makers” and denied taking campaign money from a family who made its wealth selling OxyContin.
Ted Cruz : Says David Dewhurst "explicitly advocated" a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants.
Viral image : "FactCheck.org exposed Snopes.com as an extremely liberal propaganda site with an agenda to discredit anything that appears to be conservative."
Viral image : Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.
Michele Bachmann : "The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent."
Lauren Benedict : U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to "stay in their place."
Viral image : “George Washington mandated smallpox vaccines for the Continental Army.”
Facebook posts : “In Chicago, Covid-19 actually LOWERED the death rate.”
Eileen Brady : Says she "brought together business, labor and hospitals to give 94,000 Oregon children health care."
Viral image : A photograph shows Beto O’Rourke nearly nude with the words "feminist," "atheist" and "slut" on his body.
Barack Obama : Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
Ted Cruz : "It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you don't do this in an election year."
Corrine Brown : In 2008, "33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic."
Bloggers : Says "Meryl Streep just got fired from a major project for lying about Trump."
Michelle Rehwinkel Vasilinda : Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
Facebook posts : Central Park hospital tents housed thousands of abused children released from underground captivity.
Facebook posts : Says former Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz once said that he would "hire an illegal immigrant" before he would hire a veteran.
Brian Kolb : This year’s state budget "continues to direct millions in taxpayer dollars in advertising to the failing Start-Up NY program"
Larry Pratt : "20 percent of the time (smart guns) won't work."
Viral image : Photo shows CNN chyron about Afghanistan that says, “Violent but mostly peaceful transfer of power.”
Kathleen Falk : Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills "in secret."
National Rifle Association : Says “Joe Biden wants to ban 9mm pistols.”
Barack Obama : "AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice."
James Clyburn : When Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid were created, "Republicans stood on the sidelines"
Donald Trump : "We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, they're considered employed."
Bill Clinton : "Since 1961 … our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So what's the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million)."
David Dewhurst : "Most of Ted Cruz’s money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas."
Bill Clinton : "I had the lowest net worth of any American president in the 20th century when I took office."
Sanford Bishop : Claims that Rep. Sanford Bishop votes similar to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi are "inaccurate."
Donald Trump : Says Ted Cruz’s father "was with Lee Harvey Oswald" before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
John Cornyn : According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
Robert Menendez : Says under federal law "we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy."
Greg Steube : "It’s estimated that in 2018 alone, dead people received $1 billion in benefits from Medicare, Medicaid, social security payments, and federal pensions."
Hetty Rosenstein : "The average state pension, including managers, is $23,000 a year; and just $14,000 for local government workers."
Scott Walker : "A number of Democrats running for governor want to cut the prison population by 50%" and "that would require the release of thousands of violent felons."
Donald Trump : Says Florida had five sanctuary cities while Jeb Bush was governor.
Allen West : In Afghanistan "the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' "
Viral image : Says Joseph Stalin said, "It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything."
Donald Trump : "California wildfires are being magnified & made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean."
Donald Trump : "For the first time in the modern political era, we have confirmed a new justice in the first 100 days."
Kayla Moore : Says Doug Jones "is for full-term abortion."
Michael Steele : "President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent."
Kathy Manning : Says Ted Budd "voted to gut protections for pre-existing conditions … letting insurance companies deny coverage for (necessary) treatment."
Lena Taylor : Hitler "abolished unions and that’s what" Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is "doing today."
Kamala Harris : "The majority of women are minimum wage workers."
Barack Obama : The president’s proposed budget "will help reduce the deficit by $400 billion over the next decade to the lowest level since Dwight Eisenhower was president."
Americans for Prosperity : As Tennessee governor, Phil Bredesen "supported higher taxes on us. Higher gas taxes. Higher sales taxes."
Garnet Coleman : "Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered."
Bernie Sanders : "Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high."
Kellyanne Conway : "We now have the first decline in overdose deaths due to drugs in 30 years - since 1990."
Janet Freedman : Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen "maybe about 10 inches since that time."
Mike Berlon : "We know there are more Democrats in Georgia than Republicans. We know that for a fact."
Sarah Palin : Barack Obama supports plans to raise "income taxes ... payroll taxes."
Paul Ryan : Before Obamacare, Wisconsin’s "high-risk pool" for health insurance "had eight or nine" plans to choose from, people "could go to any doctor or any hospital they wanted, and their premiums and co-pays were cheaper than they are under Obamacare today."
Doug MacGinnitie : Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp is a "career politician."
Ted Cruz : "A strong bipartisan majority" in the House of Representatives "voted to defund Obamacare."
Scott Walker : The University of Wisconsin System "will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in America" because "going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation."
Lupe Valdez : "I come from the poorest ZIP code in San Antonio."
Jennifer Horn : In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to "prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire."
Steven Rattner : "Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole."
Jesse Watters : Says John Podesta’s email password was "password."
Donald Trump : The United Kingdom is "our largest (trading) partner."
Luis Garcia : Says David Rivera "allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act" that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
Vicky Hartzler : "Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs."
Rebecca Kleefisch : "Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita."
Mike Huckabee : Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
Scott Walker : Wisconsin requires, "by law, a photo ID to vote."
Pari Sabety : "The (Ohio) economy is on the mend. … It is in better shape than it was when we took office."
Greater Wisconsin Committee : Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races "side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street."
Congressional Leadership Fund : Says Al Jazeera, "a mouthpiece for terrorists, has been paying Jon Ossoff thousands of dollars. ... What is he hiding?"
Facebook posts : People carrying guns can’t wear face masks to protect against the coronavirus because it’s a “class 4 felony.”
Richard Durbin : "You can almost pinpoint half of the gun violence deaths to two or three specific sections in the city. They are just areas of devastation, economically and otherwise."
Friends of Greenlight : Greenlight Pinellas "won’t take existing lanes from other vehicles."
Facebook posts : Say North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper was arrested for driving while intoxicated in Stanly County.
Lee Leffingwell : Says Austin voters can approve seven bond propositions "without raising taxes."
Tomi Lahren : “Unvaccinated, you can get COVID and have over 99% chance of survival. Get vaccinated and you can still get COVID and will still have over 99% chance of survival.”
Nancy Pelosi : A recent spending bill had at least "$1.6 billion in there ... for schools to give them an opportunity to secure them."
AFSCME : The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is "a self-funded pension plan" and "it’s the money of the workers’ that funds it."
Kasim Reed : "We also have, in a park that’s not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta."
Zephyr Teachout : "John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline."
Young Conservatives : "Mass voter fraud just discovered, to the amount that could void Hillary’s victory In New Hampshire."
Elaine Boyer : "[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior."
Weston Pagano : Says Joe Biden "voted to expand deportations and indefinite detention for immigrants multiple times."
Tom Ganley : Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
David Perdue : Four million women have fallen into poverty in the last six years.
Ohio Alliance for Retired Americans : Says Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law.
Rand Paul : Says according to recent polls, no Republican candidate "is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself."
Viral image : Photo shows “Earth, Venus and Jupiter as seen from Mars.”
Hillary Clinton : "The state that has the highest per capita number of … guns that end up committing crimes in New York come from Vermont."
Donald Trump : "If you were a Muslim, you could come in, if you were a Christian, it was impossible."
Barack Obama : "When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average."
Barack Obama : "We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago."
Paul Ryan : Obamacare "is in what the actuaries call a death spiral."
Facebook posts : Says to leave objects in the sun to avoid contracting the coronavirus.
John Delaney : "If you go to every hospital in this country and you ask them one question, which is, ‘How would it have been for you last year if every one of your bills were paid at the Medicare rate?’ Every single hospital administrator said they would close."
Kirsten Gillibrand : A national paid leave program "would potentially put into the economy $21 billion dollars annually."
Donald Trump : Says Joe Biden “abandoned Scranton.”
Hillary Clinton : "If you want to vote in" Texas, "you can use a concealed-weapon permit as a valid form of identification, but a valid student ID isn’t good enough."
Greg Abbott : "Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized."
Bloggers : "The FDA knows that rushed-to-market COVID-19 vaccines may cause a wide range of life-threatening side effects, including death."
Jay Carney : "Gov. Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever."
Van Wanggaard : "There's no statistical evidence that" a waiting period for handgun purchases "reduces violence whatsoever."
Ted Cruz : "A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty."
Instagram posts : The storming of the Capitol was staged.
Donald Trump : "We (Trump University) have an ‘A’ from the Better Business Bureau."
Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence : An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
Rush Limbaugh : Says the media created the term "polar vortex" and the cold air proves "the ice isn’t melting."
Jim Renacci : In 2005 or 2006 U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer "voted for the wall."
Colin Powell : "The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that."
Ken Cuccinelli : Says Terry McAuliffe "opposes" Virginia’s right-to-work law.
Instagram posts : “After California taxes, Trey Lance's $34.1M rookie deal becomes just $16M."
Bernie Sanders : Says Donald Trump "has not apologized" for comments caught on tape by "Access Hollywood."
Dave Griffith : "Every county in the state of Texas has a veterans court."
Donald Trump : U.S. farmers are receiving $16 billion "out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China."
Richard Corcoran : "Spending more taxpayer money on VISIT FL (or less) has not demonstrated a direct impact on tourism."
Roy Blunt : Missouri "is leading the country when it comes to improving services for mental and behavioral health. Innovation is happening right here."
Gavin Newsom : Says the California state auditor "found (John) Chiang lost track of $31 billion dollars," as state controller.
Maryellen O'Shaughnessy : "Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices."
Joe Biden : "In 2020, more people voted in America than ever in the history of America, in the middle of a once-in-a-century pandemic."
Michael Long : Because of its higher minimum wage, New York State is "already showing signs of various companies picking up and leaving."
Scott Walker : Kohl’s Department Stores in 2012 "announced the creation of 3,000 new jobs."
Kevin DeWine : Says Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
Bill Clinton : "I never had a filibuster-proof Senate."
Facebook posts : Says NASA spent more than $165 million over 10 years to develop a pen that "writes in zero gravity, upside down" and in extreme temperatures while the "Russians used a pencil instead."
Jim Sullivan : When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, "cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient"  and sometimes "spend an entire shift out there doing that."
Brent Larkin : Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken  "an hour and 15 minutes longer" to carry passengers across Ohio "than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935."
Barack Obama : Hillary Clinton is "willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."
Democratic National Committee : "One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act."
David Axelrod : Says Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington.
Kelda Helen Roys : Wisconsin lost "almost 4,000 manufacturing jobs in 2017."
Paul Ryan : "There is a precedent" for not nominating someone to the U.S. Supreme Court "in the middle of a presidential election."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "In terms of the wealthiest Americans, we're at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s."
Jeff Kottkamp : "Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors."
David Dewhurst : Dan Patrick "changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from" his "debts."
Viral image : Quotes Robert Mueller as saying, "We must move as quickly as possible to a one-world government; a one-world religion; under a one world leader."
Joe Scarborough : Algeria "wanted to be taken off of the terror list" at the time it made an unreported donation to the Clinton Foundation.
Gary Kelly : Regarding the risks of coronavirus transmission on an airplane, “It’s as safe as an environment as you’re going to find.”
Robert Walsh : Says gubernatorial candidate Clay Pell "hasn't spent a dime on advertising."
Republican National Committee : Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz "voted to cut off Florida’s veterans and their benefits."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Rep. Jim Renacci’s plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy."
Alan Grayson : "Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships."
Juliana Stratton : Gov. Bruce Rauner has "created no jobs over the past three years."
Bill Nelson : Says detained immigrant parents separated from their children at the border are being charged "as much as $8 a minute to call their children."
Ted Cruz : "Obama, instead of nominating a health professional, he nominated someone who is an anti-gun activist (for surgeon general)."
Dan Patrick : "PolitiFact Texas gave" a David Dewhurst TV ad "a ‘Pants-on-Fire’ rating as an outrageous lie."
Facebook posts : Images that show a 90-year-old UK woman receiving the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine appeared online in a CNN news story in October.
David Perdue : The Fair Tax proposal encourages innovation and investment "level the playing field" for American companies to compete globally.
Facebook posts : Says President Barack Obama is urging Chicago’s mayor to pressure prosecutors into not charging Jussie Smollett.
Shannon Watts : "Trained police hit their targets less than 30 percent of the time."
Lori Lightfoot : Says the percentage of officers the Chicago Police Board fired after hearing their cases or who chose to resign prior to a board hearing roughly doubled during her tenure.
Julian Bradley : The latest stimulus package "sends stimulus checks to imprisoned murderers, rapists, and child molesters.”
Facebook posts : Says the U.S. gives Israel "$3 billion annually" in aid and zero to Detroit.
Sean Hannity : As a senator, Hillary Clinton "actually paid female staffers a lot less than men."
Facebook posts : Says chiefs from the American Indian Nation gave Donald Trump a plaque of his new Indian name, "Walking Eagle," which actually depicts "a bird so full of s*** it can no longer fly."
Robin Vos : Says Gov. Tony Evers “wants to release half of the prison population.”
Zell Miller : Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
Carlos Lopez-Cantera : "I've cut the budget of the (lieutenant governor’s) office by more than half."
Facebook posts : In 1988, in response to Iran’s attack on the U.S.S. Samuel Roberts, President Ronald Reagan "destroyed half of Iran’s Navy."
Susan Stimpson : "Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade."
Viral image : Says a viral photo shows Susan B. Anthony being "beaten and arrested for trying to vote" in 1872.
George Will : Greece "has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex."
Colleen Kiernan : "For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built."
Greg Kelly : Says Joe Biden is on video "admitting to" election fraud in a "confession."
Susana Mendoza : Says Bill Daley, as part of former Gov. Bruce Rauner’s transition team, wrote "the blueprint" for record Springfield gridlock.
John Boehner : "Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs."
Melissa Sargent : On Foxconn deal, "3,000 jobs cost #WI taxpayers more than $3 billion in tax giveaways. Break it down: more than $1 million in taxpayer dollars per job."
Denise Grimsley : "Florida ranks 45th" in the nation for tuition.
Rick Scott : "We got a million jobs."
Tom Graves : "Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet]."
Hillary Clinton : "Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism."
Alberto Carvalho : "Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America."
Ron DeSantis : “Obesity is, like, the No. 1 factor in whether you really get hit hard by COVID-19.”
Sam Adams : Says "only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally."
Causa Oregon : "American voters remain steadfast in their support for immigration reform with a path to citizenship, with more than 70 percent who want to see reform passed this year."
Christine O'Donnell : "We haven't yet taken out a negative ad."
Kevin Cramer : Says Heidi Heitkamp "cast the deciding vote to kill the Congressional Review Act that would have repealed a BLM flaring rule that was designed just for North Dakota."
John McCain : "Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'"
Facebook posts : Says Attorney General William Barr tweeted that the US "gave Iran USA taxpayer dollars" so Iran could purchase uranium from Russia.
Bloggers : The migration of Hondurans toward the United States "was funded by Democrat activists."
Rob Cornilles : "She’s voted for 60 tax increases, hurting the middle class and small businesses."
Campaign to Defend America : Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
Concerned Women for America : The Democrats' health care bill "gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."
Facebook posts : “CNN lightened the photo of the man who drove into the protester last night in Seattle.”
Rand Paul : "Why didn't (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense."
Arizona Democratic Party : "Congresswoman Martha McSally voted to let companies sell your internet data to the highest bidder without your consent. Then she got paid $42,000 by the very corporations she allowed to sell your personal info."
Scott Walker : The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-’17 "actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesn’t happen."
Kelly Ayotte : Says Maggie Hassan was "out of state on 30 days over the last three months."
Carlos Trujillo : "This (parent trigger) legislation was drafted by President Obama's top advisers. It was drafted by President Clinton’s top advisers."
Kaye Kory : "Women in Virginia have been incarcerated at an increasingly high rate. It’s around (a) 300 percent increase in the past four or five years."
Chris Christie : Says Jon Corzine "gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, 'I will fight to get you a great contract.’"
Facebook posts : Says Burisma admitted in a Ukrainian court to paying Joe Biden $900,000.
Mark Clayton : Says the federal government "mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security."
Nancy Pelosi : The state and local tax deduction is a major benefit for moderate-income households because "50% of households that claim State & Local Tax deduction make under $100K."
Donald Trump : Says Gov. Ralph Northam "stated that he would even allow a newborn baby to come out into the world... then talk to the mother and talk to the father and then execute the baby."
Ron Johnson : "99.4% of businesses in Wisconsin are small businesses," and they employ "nearly half of our workforce."
Oliver North : Perpetrators of school shootings "have been drugged in many cases … many of these young boys have been on Ritalin since they were in kindergarten."
Buck Sexton : The science says “open the schools, stop wearing masks outside, and everyone at low risk should start living normal lives."
Joe Biden : Says Amy Coney Barrett “has a written track record, disagreeing adamantly with the Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the ACA. In fact, she publicly criticized Chief Justice Roberts’ opinion upholding the law eight years ago.”
Tarina Keene : More than 100,000 women in Texas "have attempted to self-induce abortion in the past year alone."
Rick Perry : "We have more kids take the SAT than any other state in the nation. I mean a high percentage of our kids take the SAT."
Facebook posts : “The unvaccinated have escaped every single strain or 'variant’” of SARS-CoV-2.
Martin O'Malley : "The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that he’d be just fine with either Bush or Clinton."
Barack Obama : If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to "let criminals go."
Bill O'Reilly : Says Nelson Mandela "was a communist."
Donald Trump : "Youth unemployment is through the roof."
Barack Obama : Hillary Clinton "agrees with (John McCain) in embracing the Bush-Cheney policy of not talking to leaders we don't like."
Chuck Todd : Says Attorney General William Barr didn’t cite the "rule of law” in explaining his decision in the Michael Flynn case during a CBS News interview.
Leticia Van de Putte : Dan Patrick was the only state senator "who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses."
Carla Smith : The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
Marco Rubio : "Only in the Third World do you see this habitual use of prosecutions of former leaders.”
Rush Limbaugh : There are "high administrative costs" when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site.
Paul Ryan : "Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies, an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus."
Karl Rove : "Kay Bailey Hutchison was elected state treasurer, succeeding Ann Richards. Democrats then abolished the position ... Hutchison later became a U.S. senator."
Barack Obama : "Under Gov. Romney's definition ... Donald Trump is a small business."
Sarah Palin : "We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever."
Battleground Texas : In 2008, "only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out."
Paul Krugman : "Greece is not a big economy. It's about the size of metropolitan Miami."
Tammy Baldwin : Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson "personally made over $3 million" from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left  9/11 first responders "without the care they were promised."
Facebook posts : Black Lives Matter "injures 1000 police officers kills 36 people and does $8 billion in damage."
Ellen Troxclair : Statistics show "you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver" in Austin than a driver for a ride-hailing service.
Roy Cooper : Says North Carolina gives taxpayer dollars to private schools, but "we really don’t know what these schools are doing or how they are performing."
Rick Scott : "For the first time ever, we completely funded the critical needs waiting list so persons with unique abilities can get the help they need."
David McKinley : "Last year we had the eighth fastest-growing economy in the country in West Virginia."
Tony Evers : "Under Scott Walker, the Department of Corrections has only 18 people tracking 25,000 sex offenders" and "there are nearly 3,000 sex offenders that are unaccounted for."
Graeme Zielinski : Gov. Scott Walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of "boy rape."
Freedom Partners : "Tammy Baldwin voted for $5 trillion in higher taxes."
Steve Moore : "In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later we're nearly the highest."
David Zuckerman : “Our governor proposed initially a 5% cut across the board of state government.”
Maine Democratic Party : Says Bruce Poliquin "voted to strip 117,000 Mainers of their insurance."
Mike Pence : The financial regulatory bill "will kill jobs."
Charlotte Nash : "Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006."
Jim Justice : West Virginia “is the only state to decline in population over the last 70 years”
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Sen. Raphael Warnock “voted for welfare for politicians plan. Up to $25 million of government money for Warnock’s own political campaign.”
Bobby Scott : "Women earn on average 80-cents on the dollar compared to white men doing similar jobs."
John Lott : "The United States doesn’t have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States."
No Tax For Tracks : "Light rail does not reduce congestion."
Mark Harris : "I’ve got the spending down, I’ve got the debt down a little bit, I’ve got the reserves up."
Marcy Kaptur : Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
Lisa Boothe : "One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant."
Facebook posts : “Kamala Harris refused to be sworn in using the Bible.”
North Carolina Republican Party : Says former FBI Director James Comey admitted to leaking classified information.
Robert Gibbs : Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.
Facebook posts : Says Maine Gov. Janet Mills is “using taxpayer money to buy cars for those on welfare, without a public hearing on the rules. If someone on welfare sells the car for cash without the state’s approval, the rules don’t allow the state to prosecute them for car theft.”
Joe Zepecki : The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
Bloggers : "A 97 year-old Holocaust survivor was killed for being Jewish yesterday. In the United States. Let that sink in."
Greg Abbott : A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis’ support "removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like" the school funding case.
Connie Stokes : Women still do not get paid as much as men, even "for the same work, period."
Viral image : Says Gov. Ron DeSantis “just signed legislation requiring students, faculty and staff at Florida’s public universities and colleges to register their political views with the state.”
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans’ (emails)."
Joe Biden : “Suburbs are by and large integrated.”
Back to Basics : Gov. Rick Perry "has overseen the highest Texas unemployment in 22 years."
Facebook posts : "89,000 children were separated from their parents under Obama" and "only 1,900 children have been separated under Trump."
Mitt Romney : Under the "Obama economy ... utility bills are higher."
Donald Trump : Says Sen. Charles Schumer "repeatedly supported a physical barrier in the past along with many other Democrats. They changed their mind only after I was elected president."
American LeadHERship PAC : "As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times."
Patrick Murphy : Says Marco Rubio voted "against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns."
New Jersey Education Association : Says "New Jersey's public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation."
Joe Biden : “Today, the gap between African American and white homeownership is larger than it was in the late 1960s.”
Chris Van Hollen : "The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. They've demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases."
Mark Herring : "Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration."
Charlie Crist : Says Rick Scott has "teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist."
Donald Trump : “When asked about court-packing, Biden's staff immediately escorts the camera out.”
David Axelrod : When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
Donald Trump : With voting by mail, “you get thousands and thousands of people sitting in somebody's living room, signing ballots all over the place.”
Anna Little : "Bob Menendez just voted to increase the government's debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt."
Paul Bettencourt : Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
Cory Gardner : "We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built."
Viral image : Says Malala Yousafzai “is silent about the cries of women and children suffering at the hands of the Taliban.”
Rob Portman : Says the federal government is "the largest energy user in the country."
John Kasich : "The total number of dollars that passes through the Department of Development is like $900 million and like $650 (million) of it has nothing to do with development, which is breathtaking when you think about it."
Jerry Patterson : "Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent" since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
Bloggers : “Robert de Niro Linked to Child Sex Trafficking Ring According to Court Records”
Nate McMurray : Says he’s a "small-town supervisor who has kept a balanced budget, who has increased surpluses, who has led us to the highest credit rating our town has ever had."
Tim Moore : Says the photo ID law passed by North Carolina lawmakers is “one of the nation’s most lenient voter ID laws."
Richard Lugar : "Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending."
John Boehner : President Barack Obama has "announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated."
Citizens for Transportation Mobility : The average Atlanta resident "spends an extra $924 each year in additional gasoline and wasted time."
Rick Santorum : "The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent don’t agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2."
Viral image : “Marjorie Taylor Greene just scrubbed her Twitter feed of all things Gaetz.”
Donald Trump : "Out of 67 counties (in Florida), I won 66, which is unprecedented. It's never happened before."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Says Tony Evers "didn't revoke the license of a teacher caught spreading pornography and commenting on the bodies of middle-school girls."
Einer Elhauge : "In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm."
Viral image : “Pope Francis kissing the hands of David Rockefeller & John Rothschild.”
Facebook posts : Says a photo shows an old Christmas tradition of women apologizing "to their husbands for all the mistakes they made during the year and beg for forgiveness."
Bloggers : Says "Three Muslim congresswomen just refused" to sign an oath of office to uphold the U.S. Constitution.
Chris Christie : "I didn’t support Sonia Sotomayor."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : Says Ann Wagner’s campaign "has taken millions of dollars from special interests, more than almost anyone else in Congress.”
Viral image : Gas costs $7.89 at a station in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Greg Abbott : “Carnage" is being caused "by people who are coming across the border."
Paul Sadler : Says Ted Cruz "has pledged to eliminate" the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students.
Sean Spicer : There has been a "dramatic expansion of the federal workforce in recent years."
Barbara Lee : Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean "2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts."
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump’s proposed tax treatment of hedge fund managers "makes the current loophole even worse."
Donald Trump : The Mueller investigation is "soon to be $20,000,000."
Americans For Tax Reform : "Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office."
New Approach Oregon : 76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
Newt Gingrich : In New York City, "an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher."
Mitt Romney : Says Barack Obama has pension investments that include Chinese firms, and "investments through a Caymans trust."
Hank Johnson : "Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the president’s first year in office to 8.5 percent today."
Chain email : After Hurricane Katrina, "Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his 'buddies' empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare."
John Oliver : "We knew Strom Thurmond had proposed" the amendment that blocked Puerto Rico’s use of Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection.
Jim Sensenbrenner : Like me, Scott Walker opposed the 1998 transportation bill and the $9 billion of wasteful spending.
Maria Bartiromo : "As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country."
Kamala Harris : Says "I was part of the second class to integrate Berkeley, California, public schools."
Joe Roman : Says $15-an-hour proposal in Cleveland is "the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country."
Michael Bennet : "Buck wants to privatize Social Security."
DuBose Porter : Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
Lori Lightfoot : Says Chicagoans "live in one of the most taxed cities and the most taxed county, unfortunately, in the country."
Andrew Cuomo : “Some states, like Montana and Nebraska, are getting more than $300,000 in federal stimulus money per reported COVID-19 case. New York is the hardest-hit state and yet we are getting only about $12,000 per case.”
Carly Fiorina : "We have record numbers of people living in poverty."
Bloggers : "Soros Letter Reveals Plot to ‘Take Down Borders’ with Migrant Caravan Invasions"
Robin Vos : In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give "unlimited" contributions to political parties, but business can't give any.
Joe Biden : Asked about asylum seekers in camps in Mexico, “This is the first time ever you've had to seek asylum in a third country.”
Donald Trump : "There’s a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us there’s no tax."
John McCain : In the Florida Republican primary, "we got a very large percentage of the, quote, conservative vote."
Charlie Hales : Says "I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door."
Barack Obama : The sequester "won’t consider whether we’re cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesn’t make those distinctions."
Dianne Feinstein : "We have no regulation of drones in the United States in their commercial use."
Viral image : Says 80% of novel coronavirus cases are "mild."
Allen West : In the Affordable Care Act, Democrats "cut $500 billion from Medicare" and "put in place the Independent Payment Advisory Board, 15 unelected bureaucrats, which will be making decisions about health care for our seniors and for all Americans."
Chris Christie : Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
Republican Party of Texas : "War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary."
Tweets : Says Rudy Giuliani "bought $2M in shares of Novartis, a primary supplier of hydroxychloroquine" in early February.
Scott Brown : "They delayed my swearing-in here in Massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram (the health care law) through."
Facebook posts : Says Jacob Blake, shot by police in Kenosha, had a warrant for sexual assault and prior convictions for gun use
Facebook posts : “Fauci just told us they found a (coronavirus) variant that ‘evades the test.’”
Rick Perry : Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
Donald Trump : Says Jon Ossoff wants to "allow illegal immigration."
Martin O'Malley : Says "the cascading effects" of climate change contributed to the rise of ISIS.
Viral image : Image quotes Sen. Ted Cruz as saying, “In the last election, 54 million evangelical Christians stayed home. If Christians will simply show up and vote our values, we’ll turn this country around.”
Facebook posts : Says the Atlanta mayor is “shutting the city down for” the NBA All-Star Game weekend.
Mike Hashimoto : "Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas."
Florida First Project : Says Carlos Beruff "supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties."
Yes on 84 : The reason 29 states no longer have a death tax "is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness."
Barack Obama : Under President Barack Obama, the United States has "doubled our exports."
Patrick McKenna : "Officials at Hyperloop One have referred to the route as one of the best they've ever seen."
Amy Kremer : "We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over."
Sam Olens : "In Cobb County, every meeting opened with a prayer. The ACLU objected. Sued ... [Sam] Olens took on the ACLU and won!"
Matt Damon : Poor people pay "in some cases, up to 25 percent of (their) income for water."
Edith Ajello : "Lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana, easier than to get alcohol."
Americans for a Strong Defense : Says Chuck Hagel has called for "an end to our nuclear program."
Donald Trump : Says President Dwight Eisenhower "moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country."
Barack Obama : "Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists."
Rick Perry : "Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country."
Chip Roy : A quorum-breaking Texas Democrat said in 2007 that mail-in ballot fraud “is the greatest source of voter fraud in this state.”
Donald Trump : "I’m beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot."
Infowars : “Joe Biden’s Dept. of Energy Blocked Texas from Increasing Power Ahead of Killer Storm”
Abel Collins : "RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country."
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney’s housing policy is, "Don’t try and stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom."
Scott Wagner : Eighty percent of the school tax bills in the state of Pennsylvania went up over last year.
Donald Trump : "Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder."
The Sentinel : "Greitens accuser admits photo session may have been a ‘dream.’ "
Al Sharpton : The Texas Senate "approved a bill to put a special label on the insurance cards of anyone who bought a plan through Obamacare" that includes the letter "S" for subsidy.
YouTube videos : “Breaking news Kim Jong Un has pass(ed) away.”
Pam Bondi : "We're the only system of federalism in the world."
Priorities USA Action : "Trump wants to cut (Medicare) just to pay for tax breaks to billionaires."
Karen Handel : "John Oxendine is under a state ethics investigation because he illegally funneled more than $120,000 to his campaign from shady insurance political action committees in Alabama."
Rush Limbaugh : Sotomayor "ruled against the white firefighter — Ricci and other white firefighters — just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded."
John McCallum : "A child born in America today will inherit $1.5 million in debt the moment they're placed in their mother's arms."
Beto O'Rourke : “Energy experts and State House Dems, among others, were warning of this (the Texas power blackout) for years.”
Michelle Rhee : Americans, in the last 30 years, "have more than doubled the amount of money we are spending per child (on education) … and the results have gotten worse, not better."
Phil Berger : "Attorney General Roy Cooper refuses to do his job" by not defending House Bill 2 in a lawsuit.
Jobs Ohio : "In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country."
Mark Jewell : Photo shows a sea of red-clad education advocates covering most of the Halifax Mall.
Dana Wachs : Says Scott Walker "has turned down $1 billion of Medicaid money over the course of his tenure."
Chain email : "More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before."
Dana Perino : "The insurance industry is actually run by mostly Democrats."
Sarah Palin : "You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief."
Carolyn Maloney : "More than half of Planned Parenthood facilities are in rural or medically underserved areas."
Vincent "Buddy" Cianci : "When I left office, there was a $7-million surplus in Providence," but in 2008, the city had a $110-million deficit.
Bill Clinton : Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for "the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget."
Herman Cain : China is "trying to develop nuclear capability."
Dick Cheney : "At the mere request from Putin, President Obama withdrew the plans for a missile defense program based in Poland and the Czech Republic."
Donald Trump : Says a Ted Cruz ad has "got me bull-dozing down a house. I never bulldozed it down. It's false advertising."
Rush Limbaugh : Research shows that "a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and that's what they support."
Viral image : Says Maxine Waters told CNN, "SCOTUS pick should be illegal immigrant."
Nick Rahall : Says he has supported "George Bush more than I have Barack Obama."
Ken Hodges : "Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician."
Chris Christie : "In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready."
Joe Biden : The Obama administration's policies "have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent."
New Jersey Republican State Committee : "Corrupt political bosses. Money laundering. Fraud. It’s just another day at the office for Vin Gopal."
USA In Front : BREAKING: Illegal Muslim From Iran Arrested For Starting California Wildfire
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : "Leah Vukmir OPPOSES Buy American legislation."
Facebook posts : "Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not."
Facebook posts : Quotes Gene Hackman as saying that Trump could "easily turn out to be one of the best presidents that America has ever seen."
Bloggers : Says Russian President Vladimir Putin said Pope Francis "is not a man of God."
Roy Cooper : "In 67 different ways, Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families."
Pam Stewart : For the state of Florida, "there is not an additional cost with implementation of the Common Core standards."
John Oxendine : "We have SAT scores lower than that of Alabama."
Barack Obama : McCain called for less regulation 21 times just this year.
John Kasich : "Right now, Texas doesn’t have an income tax and Oklahoma’s lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high."
Tony Capezza : "In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted."
Ted Cruz : "The Democrats filibustered the legislation that would’ve resulted in this shooter being in federal prison instead of murdering those innocents in that Texas church."
Marjorie Taylor Greene : Questions about whether she’s been vaccinated are “a violation of my HIPAA rights.”
Viral image : Says Luc Montagnier said, “There is no hope and no possible treatment for those who have been vaccinated already. We must be prepared to incinerate the bodies.”
Cliff Stearns : "Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast."
House Majority PAC : Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
Jim Sensenbrenner : "I've done more impeachments than anybody else in the history of the country."
Mitt Romney : "I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife."
Bloggers : Says George Washington said, "A free people ought not only be armed and disciplined. But they should have sufficient arms and ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them. Which would include their own government."
Chain email : Says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled.
Ladies of Liberty : "Trump wins the award Obama never could."
Donald Trump : "Nearly half of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in abject poverty."
Tim Kaine : Under former President George W. Bush’s administration "while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent."
Richard Saslaw : "One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people" in Virginia
Dan Kohl : "I'm not a politician."
Viral image : “NASA discovers THC on meteorite fragment.”
Facebook posts : Emails show that Fauci knew "hydroxychloroquine worked [and] emailed friends about it being effective."
Reince Priebus : Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
Jim DeMint : Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown is responsible for "over $14 trillion in debt."
Bill Clinton : The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements "only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent."
Jeb Bush : Says in 2002, he "won more Hispanic votes than Anglo votes, 60 percent in the state."
Harry Reid : Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.
Florida Agency for Health Care Administration : "Under Gov. (Rick) Scott’s leadership, Florida has had much success in lowering the rate of uninsured children."
John McCain : Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included  "$277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin."
Facebook posts : The United States paid for a 274-mile wall between Jordan and Syria, "approved by the Dems in the house and senate," in order "to keep ISIS out."
Tammy Baldwin : “Over the past two years, climate and weather disaster damage has cost the U.S. over $400 billion.”
Bernie Sanders : "Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin," even though "marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin."
Gary Johnson : "Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs."
Alex Jones : Says there won't be a recount in Alabama because a Democratic judge said "we're going to erase all the computer files ... on Wednesday morning."
Steven King : "We’ve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector" at Quonset Business Park.
Chain email : Says Gov. Scott Walker is "openly" backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions "by at least a third" for current and retired public employees
Barack Obama : "States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths."
Mary Burke : Says her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state "84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today."
Bloggers : "Border Patrol agents were caught on film destroying supplies left to help migrants"
Susan Collins : Says Sara Gideon’s husband’s law firm “took up to $2 million” from the same federal program she “falsely” attacked Susan Collins over.
Glenn Beck : Labor union president Andy Stern is "the most frequent visitor" at the White House.
John Kitzhaber : Says the state is required "pick up 70 percent of the cost" of K-12 education.
Viral image : Photo shows “all the men who have killed police officers this year (2020).”
Viral image : Says George Floyd appeared on Judge Judy.
Ron DeSantis : “The states that are locked down are increasing at twice the rate we are” in Florida
Viral image : "Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)"
Congressional Leadership Fund : "Your family" will pay $2,500 "after Kara Eastman eliminates your tax cut."
Donald Trump : "The ice caps were going to melt, they were going to be gone by now, but now they’re setting records, so okay, they’re at a record level."
Facebook posts : “Coca-Cola has lost $4 bil in market value as people are boycotting Coke for their ‘try to be less White’ statement.”
Our Oregon : Says "we’re losing one voter every 13 minutes."
Bloggers : Minnesota imposed an Islamic anti-blasphemy law.
Bloggers : "George H.W. Bush has died at 94."
Hillary Clinton : "Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs."
Rob Portman : "All of our taxpayers are paying roughly 22% of the U.N. budget."
David Cicilline : "I think with the exception of the last year or maybe the last two years, we were at 100 percent" when it came to contributing to the Providence pension fund.
Stacy White : Says it's not true that Florida black bears are an "apex predator."
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Patrick Murphy advocated for "cuts to Social Security and Medicare."
Barack Obama : "I do provide universal health care."
Voters First Ohio : Says the NAACP's Ohio chapter has endorsed Issue 2.
Cory Booker : Says under President Barack Obama there’s been "the lowest discretionary spending we’ve had in decades in the United States."
Barack Obama : The Arab Spring … "drove up gas prices."
Bloggers : “First volunteer in UK coronavirus vaccine trial has died.”
Glenn Beck : "When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women."
Donald Trump : "You take Pulse nightclub. If you had one person in that room that could carry a gun and knew how to use it, it wouldn’t have happened, or certainly to the extent that it did."
Oregon Republican Party : Says a group "estimates that the annual cost to Oregon taxpayers for government services to illegal aliens, after any income tax revenue from them, is $1 billion."
Facebook posts : Says NASCAR “bans the confederate flag but FORCES all their drivers to do Muslim prayer.”
Viral image : “Epstein dies while in custody, his private banker is found dead, a judge had a trial regarding Epstein and the Deutsche Bank. Her son has been killed now and her husband has been shot. The shooter who shot the son and shot the judge’s husband has now also been found dead.”
Bill Clinton : After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, "the next day, there was nothing in the media about it."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says "John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time."
Ben Carson : "There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education."
David Brooks : Preventive care does not save the government money.
Jennifer Granholm : "With the auto rescue," President Barack Obama "saved more than 1 million middle-class jobs all across America," including more than 28,000 in Wisconsin.
Tweets : Says officials in Washington, D.C., are “jamming all communications.”
Rebecca Dallet : Says that during the Supreme Court campaign, Michael Screnock has "vowed to uphold the platform of the NRA."
Donald Trump : Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs."
Chain email : When Obama was sworn into office, "he DID NOT use the Holy Bible, but instead the Kuran (Their equivalency to our Bible, but very different beliefs)."
National Republican Trust PAC : "Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one."
Ted Cruz : "Neville Chamberlain told the British people: ‘Accept the Nazis. Yes, they will dominate the continent of Europe, but that is not our problem. Let's appease them. Why? Because it can't be done. We cannot possibly stand against them.’"
Kay Bailey Hutchison : "The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job."
Illinois Family Institute : Public schools, colleges and state-funded day care centers "will be made into sanctuaries by Bruce Rauner signing SB 31."
Republican Party of Florida : During the debate, Kamala Harris said President Donald Trump “did not appoint minorities to the courts.”
Ben Carson : "The Chinese are there" in Syria.
Occupy Democrats : Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota "is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."
Joe Biden : "The fact is that right now the vast majority of Democrats do not support Medicare for All."
Snapple : "There are only 18 minutes of total action in an average baseball game."
Amanda Fritz : Says she "oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees."
Facebook posts : Kamala Harris is planning to use the 25th Amendment against Joe Biden and appoint Mike Pence as her vice president.
Dan Gelber : ''I have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race – Republican or Democrat.''
John McCain : "First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge."
Laura Ingraham : This Congress "adjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election."
Hillary Clinton : "Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. That's the highest we've ever been in our country."
Sarah Palin : A cap-and-trade plan promoted by Barack Obama would hit hardest "those already struggling to make ends meet."
Stephen Colbert : John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Hillary Clinton : "Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how they'd address the rising cost of college."
Ronnie Earle : "Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle."
Jeb Bush : Planned Parenthood is "not actually doing women’s health issues."
Mike Huckabee : "America’s gun-related homicide rate … would be about the same as Belgium’s if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S."
Facebook posts : Quotes Joe Biden as saying “people who have never died before are now dying from coronavirus.”
John Cox : "It costs nearly five times as much in California to build and maintain a mile of road as it does in the rest of the nation."
Facebook posts : Says a coronavirus patent expired just as there is a "sudden outbreak" and, despite "media fear-mongering," there is already a vaccine available.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Democratic Senate candidate "Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare."
Jeff Denham : China has "not acted so well with our elections. They’ve tampered with our elections quite a bit."
John Thrasher : Says taxpayer resources are being used "to facilitate private political agendas" through automatic payroll deduction of union dues.
Rick Scott : "All of Florida's four-year state colleges now offer bachelor's degrees for only $10,000."
Facebook posts : "The Texas power grid is not part of the US power grid because they wanted to avoid federal regulation.”
Presente.org : "91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college," but Marco Rubio opposes it.
Allan Fung : Cranston's 2014-2015 "budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs."
Donald Trump : "Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal."
Mike White : Says that with President Obama's re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise "to roughly 65 percent."
Facebook posts : "75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class."
Tavis Smiley : "One out of two Americans … are living either in or near poverty. That means 150 million Americans, half of us."
Donald Trump : "It is the decision of the President," not governors, to "open up the states."
Facebook posts : “This is what Bill Gates and George Soros want to do… secretly stick you with a chip while testing you for the coronavirus... the Dems have a bill on the House floor ready to vote on it to require this.”
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would "allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions."
Republican National Committee : "Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon."
Tim Kaine : Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. "Donald Trump doesn't."
Mitt Romney : President Barack Obama is "ending Medicare as we know it."
Facebook posts : “Gov. Wolf is not allowing companies that distribute U.S. flags to ship out orders to be placed at veteran’s graves for Memorial Day.”
Florida Democratic Party : The Trump administration has denied "4.2 million American workers overtime."
Vladimir Putin : Says associates of financier Bill Browder "sent a huge amount of money, over $400 million, as a contribution to the campaign of Hillary Clinton."
Barack Obama : Stabilizing the recent financial crisis "will cost less than 1 percent of GDP," which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.
Tony Evers : “There’s still (only) a handful of school districts" doing no in-person instruction.
Viral image : A photograph shows an undocumented immigrant with smallpox.
John McCain : "In just a few years in office, Sen. Obama has accumulated the most liberal voting record in the Senate."
Kathie Tovo : Says one of Austin City Council Member Randi Shade’s biggest contributors is the lobbyist for the Formula 1 racetrack planned outside Austin.
Donald Trump : “We inherited a broken test” for COVID-19.
Kamala Harris : "College debt has increased 170 percent since 2006 and now exceeds $1.5 trillion dollars, which is second only to mortgage debt and surpasses even credit card debt."
Viral image : “Any votes counted after midnight” on Election Day in Michigan “are fraud.”
Facebook posts : "Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals."
Barbara Lee : "60 percent of people on food assistance are working."
Rick Santorum : Says Mitt Romney said "we are going to have to live with high gas prices, it's a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we don't want to produce any more gasoline."
Eric Greitens : "We have ten different tax brackets and if you’re making $9,000, you’re already in the top tax bracket."
Scott Fitzgerald : One of every two Wisconsin residents are "on some kind of government handout."
Donald Trump : "We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30, 2019 — 47 days ahead of schedule!"
Viral image : Photo shows “Myrtle Beach 30 minutes ago.”
Rachel Maddow : "Oklahoma’s Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power."
Rick Perry : Says legislative debate of airport pat-down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures.
American Petroleum Institute : "The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia."
J.B. Van Hollen : "Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography."
Amy Klobuchar : “While we are all sitting here debating, Wisconsin has kicked hundreds of thousands of people off of their voting rolls.”
Dana Milbank : George W. Bush was "the least popular president in modern history."
Lee Holloway : "We’ve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs" in Milwaukee County. "I did that."
Mark Kelly : "We sell 40 percent of our guns without a background check."
Chain email : "If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it."
YouTube videos : A registered nurse in Nashville, Tenn., developed Bell’s Palsy after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine.
Michelle Nunn : Says by rejecting an expansion of Medicaid under the new law, Georgia was depriving 25,000 veterans of health care coverage.
Andrew Yang : "They banned face masks in Hong Kong. Why? Because they have AI technology that now is using facial recognition to identify protesters if they so much as do anything on the street, so they can follow up with them and detain them later."
Instagram posts : Says Joe Biden “has officially lowered the age of consent to 5 years old.”
Viral image : "The Nevada Gaming Commission did not find Trump ‘trustworthy’ enough for a gaming license."
Viral image : Says Winston Churchill said, "When you’re 20, you care what everyone thinks, when you’re 40 you stop caring what everyone thinks, when you’re 60, you realize no one was ever thinking about you in the first place."
Bloggers : Quotes Kamala Harris as saying: "After we impeach, we round up the Trump supporters."
Barack Obama : "Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis."
Levar Stoney : "Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools."
Mitt Romney : "Obamacare … means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep."
Facebook posts : If Joe Biden can’t serve his full term, Kamala Harris “cannot by constitutional law become president.”
Viral image : Photo shows Laurel Hubbard “winning the women's weight lifting competition” at the Olympics.
Donald Trump : Last year, "for the first time in 51 years, the cost of prescription drugs actually went down."
Restore Our Future : Newt Gingrich "was fined $300,000 for ethics violations."
Chain email : The Affordable Care Act says that "at age 76 when you most need it most, you are not eligible for cancer treatment. …  Cancer hospital will ration care according to the patient's age."
Rahm Emanuel : "Chicago is experiencing right now the highest employment since 1950."
Lawrence O'Donnell : Chris Christie "helped funnel $6 million in federal Hurricane Sandy money to a senior center in Belleville, N.J., a place that suffered no damage."
Leonidas Raptakis : Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program
Cindy Axne : "We’re not even remotely close to a point to say that we’re at rising inflation."
Facebook posts : "Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years."
Eileen Brady : Says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the Powell Butte water reservoir.
Phil Gingrey : U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin was "partly right" that a woman's body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesn't occur if she's raped.
House Republican Conference : "The administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes, including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $3,128 a year."
Donald Trump : The United States is "very energy independent."
Mike Cernovich : "The Cleveland police has issued a stand down order to officers."
Joseph Trillo : "We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and we’re getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers … other than the fact that it produces the jobs."
Michael McCaul : Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to "release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : Says Sen. Sherrod Brown "voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes."
Tommy Thompson : "Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, it's closer to 26 percent."
Barack Obama : "The United States Senate — Democrats and Republicans — (voted) to keep our government open."
Anne Hathaway : Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
John Mica : TSA "started off with 16,500 screeners and the agency has mushroomed to 67,000 employees with 3,590 administrative people ... making over $105,000 per year on average."
Tweets : "Docs: Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker took $1 million from a pro-Putin Ukrainian businessman—last election cycle."
Charlie Crist : Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
James Carville : "One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance."
Pink Slip Rick : Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
Liz Cheney : The IAEA, or the International Atomic Energy Agency, "last month said the Iranians are not currently living up to their obligations."
Terry McAuliffe : Says the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was "fact-checked" and found to be "0.47 percent."
Ben Carson : Says "Joseph Stalin said if you want to bring America down you, have to undermine three things: our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality."
Donald Trump : "Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining- then a small one. Pathetic."
Facebook posts : “Cannabis may stop coronavirus from infecting people, study finds.”
Bernie Sanders : "I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA."
Marco Rubio : Says President Obama "was proposing pinprick strikes" for military intervention in Syria.
Rob Cornilles : Suzanne Bonamici votes with her party a partisan 98 percent of the time.
Rich Zipperer : Deregulation of the state’s telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
Eva Marie Mancuso : When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out.
Scott Walker : "The overwhelming number" of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-’13 state budget
Ronald Brownstein : "They found 60 votes in the Senate in 2006 and 2013" for immigration legislation, and "each time the House Republican majority refused to take it up."
Dan Patrick : I am "the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants."
L. Lin Wood : “I believe, without having definitive proof, that the military is in charge of our country ... because Joe Biden is an illegal president.”
Facebook posts : “How many of you still don't know that Michelle Obama was born Michael Lavaughn Robinson and is a man?”
Bill Nelson : The House Zika bill "limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus" in Puerto Rico.
Viral image : Photo shows “Kamala Harris’s parents.”
Viral image : Says images show migrants on trains and buses heading toward the United States, not walking.
Charles Schumer : “Republicans recently passed a bill to eliminate early voting on Sunday” in Georgia
Marina Dimitrijevic : Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a "billionaire."
Bill Nelson : Says Donald Trump said he intends "to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling" during the campaign.
Pat Roberts : "20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare)."
Karl Rove : Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will "lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage."
Mitt Romney : "The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3%" between January 2009 and March 2012.
Brad Schimel : Says attorney general candidate Jon Richards "went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed."
Stacey Evans : "I helped win one of the biggest private lawsuits against Medicare fraud in history. The government declined to pursue the case, so my firm did, and we recovered $324 million for taxpayers."
Senate Leadership Fund : Says Kelli Ward hosted a town hall on "chemtrail conspiracy theories" and is open to sponsoring chemtrails legislation.
Mike Huckabee : "When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel."
Robin Vos : The push by Assembly Democrats seeking Americans with Disabilities Act accommodations for a lawmaker were timed to make Vos look bad as he became president "of the nation’s largest bipartisan organization called the National Conference of State Legislatures."
Dave Weldon : "There’s no wildlife" in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Bryan Steil : The House impeachment rules resolution "does not provide the president with due process protections that were afforded to both President Clinton and President Nixon."
Jon Kyl : "Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent."
Viral image : “SpongeBob’s license address is Jeffrey Epstein’s private island!”
Linda Sánchez : “The average cost of child care in this country is more than what it costs to send a child to college for one year.”
Eric Greitens : "Seventy-three percent of our veterans are graduating from drug courts. By contrast, I think most of the people in the very good drug court program — the graduation rate’s like 53, 55 percent. The point of that is that drug courts are working for veterans."
Rick Santorum : Says the federal government "tells health insurance companies how much money they're allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent."
Democratic National Committee : Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
Marco Rubio : Under Ted Cruz’s tax plan, "businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees."
Michele Bachmann : In the 1970s, "the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter."
David Quiroa : "Under Governor Almond the RI DMV had a program that allowed undocumented [people to] use their Personal Tax Identification Number . . . to apply [for] and receive a RI driver’s license."
Facebook posts : Homeless people are immune to COVID-19
Facebook posts : “Biden’s Air Force One is not the same as Trump’s Air Force One,” which indicates Biden is not the real president.
Rick Scott : "832,000 people lost their job while (Charlie Crist was) governor."
Doug Ducey : "90 percent of fires in Arizona are human-caused."
Jeff Kottkamp : "If every house in Florida had a solar-heated water tank, that would eliminate consumption by 17 percent."
Chris Larson : Says Chris Abele "has had five years and he’s done nothing" about the Estabrook Dam.
Viral image : Says a photo shows an elephant carrying a lion cub to a pool of water so it wouldn’t die.
Facebook posts : “Washington Post ends fact-checking for Biden for the remainder of his presidency.”
Sidney Powell : “At least 450,000 ballots in the key states ... miraculously only have a mark for Joe Biden on them, and no other candidate."
Sherri Tenpenny : "Some people are going to die from the vaccine directly. But a large number of people are going to start getting horribly sick and get all kinds of autoimmune diseases."
Dan Micciche : "The poverty level in" the Dallas school district "is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark."
Kate Obenshain : Compared to President Obama, "President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians."
JB Pritzker : "Illinois lost population in 94 out of the last 95 years, so it’s not like it’s a new thing that we have a slight out-trickle of people leaving the state."
America's Health Insurance Plans : Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up "more than their share" because of health care reform
Republican Party of Florida : The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy."
Facebook posts : Says these “elite” figures are on house arrest with ankle monitors “due to child trafficking crimes.”
Donald Trump : "The Failing @nytimes quotes ‘a senior White House official,’ who doesn’t exist, as saying ‘even if the meeting were reinstated, holding it on June 12 would be impossible, given the lack of time and the amount of planning needed.’ WRONG AGAIN! Use real people, not phony sources."
Dave Aronberg : "There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonald's in Broward County."
John McCain : "Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000."
Russell Brand : "The American murder rate is 50 times that of any other developed nation."
Barack Obama : Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasn’t asked for.
Raymond LaHood : "It’s coming. Nobody can stop this train."
Donald Trump : Says former Sen. Harry Reid "got thrown out."
John McCain : Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
Barack Obama : "Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago."
Rand Paul : The debt limit deal "allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money."
Ann Coulter : "There have been more terrorist attacks on U.S. soil by ... Muslims in Obama's first 18 months in office than in the six years under Bush after he invaded Iraq."
Greg Gutfeld : Says Ted Kennedy met "with the KGB in order to beat Ronald Reagan in 1984."
John Duncan : "Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households."
Viral image : Says Whoopi Goldberg wore a shirt that shows Donald Trump firing a gun at himself.
Joe Biden : "The cost of an automobile, it's kind of back to what it was before the pandemic."
Scott Walker : A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state "employment commission reinstated the person."
Russ Feingold : "Ron Johnson said specifically that he hopes the first steps occur to privatize the" Veterans Administration.
American Commitment : "Bill Nelson was the deciding vote" on the health care law.
NaturalNews.com : The measles vaccine has killed 108 people in the last decade, while no one has died of measles.
Jennifer Granholm : Says Marco Rubio opposes abortion "even in the case of rape and incest."
Facebook posts : "18 million illegal immigrants got their government checks this month" while federal workers remain unpaid.
Eddie Lucio, Jr. : Says Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas.
Donald Trump : "When you look for a job, you can't find it and you give up. You are now considered statistically employed."
Rob Woodall : "Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires."
Greg Abbott : Says he has sued the Obama administration 25 times.
Glenn Beck : "You don't know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s."
Jon Huntsman : China is or soon will be "the largest English-speaking nation" in the world.
Bernie Sanders : "Unlike virtually every other campaign, we don't have a super PAC."
Marcia Fudge : Says that voter identification laws "keep poor people from voting, minorities from voting, the elderly from voting, students from voting."
Janet Adkins : "There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools."
Nancy Pelosi : Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia "have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past."
Barack Obama : "Some Republican leaders in Congress" are "pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall."
Marcy Kaptur : "When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats' prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no."
Council for the National Interest : The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
John Cornyn : Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: "This is not a filibuster."
YourNewsWire.com : "Clinton Email: We must destroy Syria for Israel"
Scott Walker : Says Thomas Jefferson said "that government is best which governs least."
Josh Hawley : Says "he fought Obama at the Supreme Court — and won."
PuppetStringNews.com : "Obama released 10 Russian agents from U.S. custody in 2010 during Hillary’s uranium deal."
Barack Obama : "You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record."
Facebook posts : Says the "only valid reason to oppose voter ID is that you plan to cheat," and "every Democrat in Congress opposes voter ID."
Jim Durkin : "There are parts of I-80 near Joliet that school buses are not allowed to cross because of the fragile nature of a bridge."
Lauren Kane : The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors’ salaries.
Lon Burnam : "Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas."
Marco Rubio : "The majority of Americans are conservatives."
Scott Walker : "Road projects across the state are staying on track or getting done sooner thanks to the good work of the team at the Wisconsin Department of Transportation."
Barack Obama : McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
YouTube videos : “US Capitol raided 2/2/21.”
NewsExaminer.net : "Secret Service Agent Says Obama Is Muslim & Gay In New Tell-All Book"
Kirsten Gillibrand : “We had the highest number of (military) sexual assaults ever reported in the last year” and “we had the lowest conviction rate and the lowest prosecution rate.”
Rick Santorum : President Barack Obama’s policies have forced "many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts."
Sheila Jackson Lee : "Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mortality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump is not at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, “he is on AF1.”
Jim Patterson : California Gov. Jerry Brown’s budget "cuts funds for local tree mortality efforts from $52.7 million to just $2 million."
Mike Huckabee : Says Barack Obama grew up in Kenya.
Tom Cotton : "There have been no hearings" on a criminal justice bill being considered in the Senate.
Peggy Lehner : "There’s actually 600 abortions done after the 20th week of pregnancy every year in Ohio."
Richard Ojeda : "75-100 folks (are) killed a month and over 200 wounded by senseless gun violence."
Van Jones : In some states, African-Americans are three times more likely to be sentenced to death than whites for the same crime.
Jeb Bush : "90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States."
John Boehner : Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
Viral image : “Last year alone, 10 million fell ill from TB and 1.5 million died. ... Why don’t we wear masks for TB?”
Alcee Hastings : The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, "threatens global public health."
Viral image : "The United States is 3rd in murders throughout the world. If you remove Chicago, Detroit, Washington, St. Louis and New Orleans, the United States is then 189th out of 193 countries in the entire world."
Scott Walker : "By the end of this budget I'm in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state."
Lou Greenwald : "Under this tax cut, middle-class families don't save enough for a week's worth of groceries, while millionaires save enough to go on an exotic vacation."
David Perdue : "USAID put $8 billion up and attracted more than $45 billion in a public-private partnership called Power Africa."
Steve Stockman : Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a "new international gun registry."
Kamala Harris : "In America today, women on average are paid 80 cents on the dollar of what men are paid for the same work."
Charlie Crist : When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. "Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."
Bob Graham : "Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000."
Bob Graham : "We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home."
Daniel Harrop : "We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion."
Donald Trump : "I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats."
Ralph Northam : An investigation of a racist photo "confirmed what I said all along, that I’m not in the picture."
Rick Perry : Texas is the "fastest growing state" with the "most Fortune 500 companies."
Robin Vos : Video shows Joe Biden saying “we can only re-elect Donald Trump.”
Donald Trump : "Some of the Democrats have been talking about ending (coverage for) pre-existing conditions."
Don Willett : "The overwhelming majority of America’s elite universities, they no longer require history majors to take a single course in American history."
Daily World Update : "CNN shocks America, fires ‘journalist’ who made fun of Sarah Sanders’ face"
Bloggers : Says Carol Burnett is dead.
Bloggers : Tornado carries mobile home 130 miles, family inside unharmed.
Facebook posts : “The Rock has lost 48 million followers on his IG and YouTube after coming out for Biden.”
Richard Durbin : "Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.''
Federal Transit Administration : The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years.
Kevin de León : Clean energy employs "more than half a million Californians. That’s nearly ten times more the number of coal mining jobs that exist in the entire nation."
Sam Graves : "The average bridge in Missouri is 48 years old — most were only designed to last for 50 years."
Facebook posts : “FDA approval means nothing when you realize the FDA also approves pesticides in our food!"
Ralph Nader : "He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps."
Kathleen Sullivan : "The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years."
Jose Diaz-Balart : "Every single day in this country, 1,000 people are deported and the vast majority of those people that are deported aren't criminals."
House Republican Conference : "The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with 'government-certified' stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so."
John Carter : "This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nation’s military installations."
Tammy Baldwin : Imitation dairy products often differ nutritionally from those they mimic, and labeling them "milk" or "cheese" or "yogurt" is "against the law."
Facebook posts : Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp “mandates restaurants reopen”
Viral image : More mail-in ballots were counted in Lancaster County, Pa., than were returned.
Steve Spinnett : Says Damascus’ disincorporation would produce "NO significant tax savings."
Chain email : This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
"Georgia Department of Transportation : ""GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59
PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY"""
Kathleen Falk : Says she got unions to agree to "about $10 million in reduction" of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin.
Scott Walker : Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted "double-digit tax increases."
Mike Kelly : He’s only there for one purpose and one purpose only, and that is to run a shadow government that is gonna totally upset the new agenda.
Alan Hays : "Your tax dollars are not being used to sue you, the people."
Steve Doocy : White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the "right-hand man" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN.
Wendy Davis : Says "for the first time ever," Texas lawmakers are not funding student population growth.
Bloggers : Quotes actor Will Smith as saying: “I’m not afraid to say that Trump and his supporters are ba…”
Tommy Thompson : Says Tammy Baldwin supports a law "in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals."
Facebook posts : "Elaine Chao BUSTED Sending $97 Million Contract To Help Mitch McConnell Win Reelection."
TikTok posts : “40,000+ votes for Libertarian candidate Jo Jorgensen magically become votes for Joe Biden.”
Cory Booker : "We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders."
Carly Fiorina : "Barbara Boxer's worried about the weather" instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security.
Barack Obama : Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased.
Republican Governors Association : Mary "Burke’s record: 130,000 fewer jobs."
Barack Obama : For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law "is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. That's it. They don't have to worry about anything else."
Facebook posts : “Joe Biden just told @Lawrence that as president he would veto Medicare for All if it passed both houses and came to his desk.”
Marco Rubio : Surface temperatures on Earth "have stabilized."
Facebook posts : Says the Republican Party started in Ripon, Wis., “to counter the Democrats’ plans to expand slavery.”
Brahma Chellaney : "Asia ... has less freshwater per capita than any other continent, except Antarctica."
Amy Klobuchar : “The majority of hunters now want universal background checks, the majority of Trump voters.”
Lou Ann Zelenik : "Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare."
Jonathan Turley : The Obama administration "supported Muslim allies trying to establish a new international blasphemy standard."
Claire McCaskill : "You wonder why you don't see Rand Paul as much; he's still shopping for his billionaire. He's like the only one who hasn't found a billionaire to fund his super PAC."
Doug Jones : Says Roy Moore "has advocated getting the federal government out of health care altogether, which means doing away with Medicaid, which means doing away with Medicare."
Dan Moore : "It's taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio & Erie) Canal."
Scott Walker : Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will "make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees."
Barack Obama : Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because "there was a recent survey of the top airports … in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25."
Donald Trump : Says he requested “10,000 National Guardsmen” for his Jan. 6 rally, but Nancy Pelosi “rejected it.”
American Bridge 21st Century : Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
Facebook posts : "Suez Canal blocked by huge container ship named Evergreen. Evergreen shipping is most likely a cover for human and sex trafficking” by Hillary Clinton.
Cecile Richards : "More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress."
Rick Perry : Says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial driver’s licenses even if they’re just crossing a single public road.
Bruce Rauner : Says "massive floods" led to Legionnaires’ disease outbreaks at the Quincy Veterans’ Home.
Bloggers : “Speaker Pelosi presents a special ‘service flag’ to Mr. Floyd’s family.”
Andrew Gillum : Says Florida's economy "is largely propped up on low-wage work."
Joe Manchin : Says John Raese said he wants "1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now."
Stephen Carter : "More than 70 percent of American adults have committed a crime that could lead to imprisonment."
Marsha Blackburn : Says Phil Bredesen "lured illegal immigrants to Tennessee."
Rick Perry : A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are "being apprehended at the border."
Sid Miller : "We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water."
Paul Workman : "Holly Turner... still takes her homestead (property tax) exemption in Fort Worth."
Stuart Varney : "It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years."
Mitt Romney : Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had "no increase."
Rudy Giuliani : "Food stamps have gone up two-and-a-half times under Barack Obama."
Jim Sensenbrenner : "We had a debate on whether ‘ObamaCare’ was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically."
Mark Kirk : Says Rep. Tammy "Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS."
Bloggers : "American middle schools caught forcing students to do Muslim prayers 5 times a day."
Brian Robinson : Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will "require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget."
Maurice Ferre : "I left the city with $43 million in the bank."
Rick Scott : "According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in the first year – and about 15,000 jobs after five years."
Jennifer Beck : "New Jersey's citizens are working at the highest rate in three years."
John Boehner : "Forcing Americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government-run plan isn't the answer, but that's exactly what the Democrats' plan would do."
Jack Lew : "You can't pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes."
Viral image : Says Jill Biden said, “Whatever is on Hunter’s laptop is not important.”
Lee Fisher : "On (Rob Portman's) watch as Bush's trade czar, our deficit with China exploded" and "as Bush's budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit."
Viral image : “Actor Tom Hanks has passed away age 63.”
Claire McCaskill : A "fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million," will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.
Lloyd Doggett : "The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our country’s bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery."
Republican Party of Florida : Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that "belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water."
UN's UNICEF : In South Sudan, "more teenage girls die in childbirth than finish high school."
Viral image : 60% of new COVID-19 patients are people who received the vaccine.
Hank Johnson : "In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations."
MoveOn.org : Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson "voted to cut $700m from Medicare."
Martha McSally : Says Mark Kelly took to space a “Chinese communist banner.”
American Bridge 21st Century : "(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose."
Bloggers : David Hogg graduated from Redondo Shores High School in 2015.
Facebook posts : “Boil some orange peels wit cayenne pepper in it stand over the pot breathe in the steam so all that mucus can release from yo nasal… MUCUS is the problem its where THE VIRUS LIVES!!!”
Viral image : “Austin mass shooter still at large, but media won’t provide description because he’s Black.”
Kirk Watson : Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
Rodney Ellis : Harris County, Texas has "some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world."
Rick Scott : States are seeing increases in revenue, with an average decline of just 0.12% compared with 2019. Over half of states report positive growth, including California, New York, and Illinois.
Mitt Romney : "Twenty-five or 24 million people" are "out of work or stopped looking for work."
Barack Obama : "At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls."
Michael Kearns : There were "76 deaths in three years" at the Buffalo Psychiatric Center
Barack Obama : "We've doubled our use of renewable energy."
Rick Perry : Says Texas has "the fourth-lowest debt per capita of any state in the nation, and we are the lowest of any of the big states."
E. Gordon Gee : West Virginia University’s incoming freshman class has the "highest-ever GPA"
Norcross City Council : The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities.
Bruce Rauner : Says "J.B. Pritzker’s tax plan" includes a "new tax per mile you drive with government tracking device."
Rush Limbaugh : "You can't read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty."
Michele Bachmann : "The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. … We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy."
Bernie Sanders : "In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote."
Philip Keefe : "If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years."
Hillary Clinton : Says she "never received nor sent any material that was marked classified" on her private email server while secretary of state.
Barack Obama : "During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs."
Kevin Brady : The United States "is the only major country that taxes its own exports."
Fox News Channel : Donald Trump’s decision to skip the Fox News/Google debate in Des Moines "is near unprecedented."
Bloggers : "Facebook removes, censors Declaration of Independence as ‘hate speech’"
Donald Trump : “We saved 2 million people” from dying of COVID-19.
Nancy Pelosi : Promotes a chart saying that Barack Obama has "increased the debt" by 16 percent, compared to George W. Bush, who increased it by 115 percent.
Bloggers : "BREAKING: Nancy Pelosi Was Just Taken From Her Office In Handcuffs"
60 Plus Association : U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was "the deciding vote for the health care law."
Breitbart : "Fall River, Massachusetts was not 'built by immigrants.' "
Bernie Sanders : "The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent."
Steny Hoyer : "We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office."
Facebook posts : Federal officials confirmed that the CDC “sent states tainted lab test kits in early February that were themselves seeded with the virus.”
Jan Brewer : "We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border."
Ami Bera : Due to the sequester, "people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn."
Jon Huntsman : "We created a flat tax in the state of Utah."
Viral image : A photo shows two COVID-19 patients lying on the floor awaiting treatment in Florida.
Kurt Bauer : Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
Jim Steineke : Says GOP leaders have "made overtures to meet on a regular basis," but Gov. Tony Evers has "refused to even meet with us."
UndergroundNewsReport.com : "Man pardoned by Obama three months ago arrested for murder."
John Cornyn : "The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion."
Uspoln Website : "Trump’s Top Scientist Pick: ‘Scientists Are Just Dumb Regular People That Think Dinosaurs Existed And The Earth Is Getting Warmer’"
Joseph Kyrillos : "In my years in the State Legislature, I have never voted for a tax increase."
AFL-CIO : "There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations."
Hillary Clinton : "We've had Muslims in America since George Washington."
Michelle Litjens : "Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!"
Chris Collins : "Violent crimes where a firearm is used have remained static since 2013 in both New York State and Erie County"
John Charles : "There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers."
Rick Perry : "My home state since June of 2009 created 40 percent of the new jobs in America."
Kathleen Falk : Says Wisconsin women facing pay discrimination can't "do something about it" under bill passed by Republicans.
Valerie Jarrett : There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
Colleen Conley : "We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients."
Bloggers : "Obama goes to G20 summit ...  Everywhere President Donald Trump goes, Obama shows up, too."
Ray McBerry : "You’ll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners," during the Civil War.
Bruce Elfant : "The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout."
Todd Staples : Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
Patrick Kennedy : Marijuana today is "genetically modified," with THC levels that "far surpass the marijuana" of the 1970s.
Viral image : Says Adam Schiff’s family Christmas card has a photo of the whistleblower, who is dating Schiff’s daughter.
Viral image : A photo of Muslim women with the words "Down with the USA" written on their hands was taken in Michigan.
Barack Obama : The United States "won every major battle" of the Vietnam War. "Every single one."
Arne Duncan : "One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. We're 16th today."
Nancy Pelosi : The Democrats' health care bills would end "the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition," while the Republican bill would not.
Bill McCollum : "The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment."
Nan Orrock : Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
Promote Oregon Leadership PAC (Oregon House Republicans) : Ben Unger supported a 15 percent property tax increase on Oregon seniors.
Mike Romano : The poverty rate in West Virginia "was 19.1 percent, the fourth-highest in the country."
Charlotte Lehan : Says Oak Grove is "one of the largest cities in Oregon" and is "the biggest city in Clackamas County and it's not a city."
Bernie Sanders : Winning enough pledged delegates is "not impossible."
Nationwide : "The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents."
Marcy Kaptur : General Electric "hasn't really created any jobs in this country, doesn't  pay any taxes, and they're making historic profits."
Republican Party of Florida : Says Charlie Crist supports "cuts to the Medicare Advantage program."
Scott Walker : "We’re broke. We don’t have any more money."
Matt Flynn : Under Scott Walker, "average wages, when adjusted for inflation, are lower today than they were under Jim Doyle."
Joe Biden : “If you just count all the deaths in the red states, we are number two in the world in deaths, just behind Brazil.”
Barack Obama : "Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up."
Sarah Huckabee Sanders : "The president in no way, form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence."
Kendall Scudder : "Bob Hall never successfully passed a bill."
Andrew Cuomo : "Women in our state will continue to have cost-free access to reproductive health care"
Arian Foster : The NCAA will "get billions" from the men’s basketball tournament. "Players get a trophy."
Save Our City, Milwaukeeans Can't Wait : Says Tom Barrett "has directed that tens of millions of City of Milwaukee tax dollars be used for the construction of a downtown trolley at the expense of: health and public safety; repair and replacement of public infrastructure; public education; and, job creation and economic development."
Chris Christie : Says private-sector job growth in 2011 "places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states."
Bloggers : Says Tom Hanks was photographed wearing a T-shirt with an anti-Trump message that begins, "I was going to be a Trump voter for Halloween but…"
Neil Cavuto : Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldn’t keep Medicare going for three years.
Mike Bennett : Says people in Africa "literally walk two and three hundred miles" in order to vote.
Elizabeth Warren : "54 senators said, let's do background checks, let's get rid of assault weapons, and with 54 senators it failed because of the filibuster."
Barack Obama : "The Nordic countries are some of the few countries" that meet development aid goals.
Rush Limbaugh : Says "Ted Kennedy sent a letter to then Soviet leader Yuri Andropov apologizing for Ronald Reagan and begging the Soviets not to overreact."
Andrew Cuomo : "Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today"
Democratic Party of Wisconsin : The five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below 44th in the nation in test scores, while Wisconsin ranks 2nd.
Ruben Navarrette Jr. : "Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote."
Steve Deace : Pollsters say "don't actually believe our own data" and Gallup stopped primary polling "because they don't trust their methodology."
Ben Carson : "We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation."
Ann McLane Kuster : Says Rep. Charles Bass "supports privatizing Social Security, risking trillions more on Wall Street."
Carly Fiorina : "The vast majority of (Syrian) refugees are young, able-bodied men looking for work."
Bloggers : "Ken Starr’s plane just disappeared on his way to D.C. to testify against Hillary (Clinton)."
Rob Wittman : "Only nine" coalition nations with the U.S. "are truly actively involved" in fighting the Islamic State.
TheLastLineOfDefense.org : "Nancy Pelosi Removed From Benefit for ‘Being So Drunk She Couldn’t Stand Up’ "
YourNewsWire.com : "Biden preparing 2020 presidential bid -- with Obama as vice president."
Mitt Romney : College tuition "costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats."
Adam Putnam : Scott Maddox has run "losing campaigns for 3 of Florida's 4 available cabinet positions."
Libraries Yes! Committee : Says the Multnomah County Library system "is the second busiest in the nation."
Cody Smith : "On our current trajectory, we’ll be 2,000 prison beds short by 2021... We’ll need two new prisons soon, at the cost of $485 million over the next five years."
Crossroads GPS : Says oil "production's down where Obama's in charge."
Phil Bredesen : Says Marsha Blackburn "at the behest of the pharmaceutical industry, co-sponsored a law that weakened DEA enforcement efforts against drug distribution companies that were supplying corrupt doctors and pharmacists who peddled narcotics to the black market."
Scott Jones : Says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriff’s deputy "were found by two separate judges to not have merit."
Allen Peake : Every child in Colorado who has been given medical marijuana for treatment for seizures has had diminished seizure activity.
Jerry Brown : "Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog."
Veronica Escobar : "We saw the increases (of unaccompanied minors at the southern U.S. border) dating back almost a year."
Jessica Morse : Says Congressman Tom McClintock, R-Calif., "has authored three laws since he’s been in office; two renamed post offices."
Andrew Cuomo : New York state subsidizes private colleges "probably more than any other state except maybe one."
National Education Association : Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
Chain email : "Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obama's past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past."
Glenn Grothman : "Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade."
Facebook posts : “Pfizer and Moderna could share their design with dozens of other pharma companies who stand ready to produce their vaccines and end the pandemic.”
One Wisconsin Now : Says Scott Walker "wants state taxpayers to dole out up to $250 million annually in incentives" to Foxconn "to lure a manufacturing plant to Wisconsin that he claims will generate $181 million in tax revenue."
Chris Larson : Republicans offered Wisconsin bar patrons "free shots (of alcohol) to sign recall petitions against" Democrats.
Mitt Romney : "We’re $15 trillion now in debt, with a president that’s racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined."
Doug Collins : "In November 2019, Speaker Pelosi said it would be ‘dangerous’ to leave it to voters to determine whether President Trump stays in office."
Bill O'Reilly : "The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do."
Gwen Moore : Water rates in Manila, Philippines, "were raised up to 845 percent" when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner.
The Political Line : "Since sequester began federal employment has been subtracting 6,000-7,000 jobs per month"
Paul Espinosa : "From 1990 to 2015 under (Democratic) control, W. Va. teacher pay rank plummeted from 30th in the nation to 48th."
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
Cascade Policy Institute : Unemployment among Oregon high school graduates aged 18 to 20 increased more than 200 percent from 2008 to 2011, while the U.S. average increased only 30 percent.
Chain email : College students "who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant" plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care.
Alan Grayson : Says Patrick Murphy "switched his vote on All Aboard Florida ... because his father tried to get in a bid to build it and was unsuccessful."
Breitbart : "Food stamp enrollment drops by four million in one month."
Marco Rubio : "I can tell you with certainty (cap and trade) would have a devastating impact on our economy."
Adam Kinzinger : "97% of murders occur with handguns."
Ken Cuccinelli : "[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050."
Todd Staples : Says David Dewhurst "went out for drinks" during Senate debate on abortion bill.
James Parisi : A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that "maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference."
Hillary Clinton : "It is a fact that the economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House."
Charlie Crist : "Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent."
Joe Biden : "People have lost faith in the ability of the vaccine to work. Already, the numbers are really staggeringly low."
Ted Cruz : California "is hemorrhaging population."
Mike McFadden : Says Al Franken "voted to exempt himself and Congress from enrolling in (the Affordable Care Act marketplaces)."
Earl Blumenauer : Says "between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car."
Metro Atlanta Voter Education Network : "[O]ver 200,000 ordinary citizens were given the opportunity to identify projects they preferred."
Scott Walker : With a bill bringing $100 million in property tax relief, "the typical Wisconsin homeowner will save approximately $680 over four years."
Steve Doell : Says "About 7 in 10 of Oregon’s inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses."
David Dewhurst : You "can't check out a library book without a photo ID."
Kirsten Gillibrand : "Today, about 40 percent of guns are purchased without a background check."
Mike Pence : The voting bill known as H.R. 1 "would force states to adopt universal mail-in ballots.”
Mark Tapscott : "Obama’s stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War."
John McCain : Romney left Massachusetts "with a $245-million debt because of the big government-mandated health care system."
Eric Holder : Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
Bloggers : Quotes President Donald Trump as saying, "You tell people a lie three times, they will believe anything. You tell people what they want to hear, play to their fantasies, and then you close the deal."
Donald Trump : Says Bill Clinton "spent $3 billion and got nothing. And (North Korea) started making nuclear weapons a day later."
Chip Rogers : "Congress and President Obama have accumulated more debt since he took office than the total amount of debt accumulated during the first 200 years of the United States existence."
Barack Obama : Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
Kenneth Block : "The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200."
Robert Menendez : Says the U.S. Senate has passed "a budget" over the last three years "called the Budget Control Act."
Joe Biden : “40% of the initial small business funds didn’t go to small businesses at all.”
Mark Schlereth : "The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football."
Rick Scott : Says the high-speed rail project provides "short-term jobs."
Morgan Brittany : "According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola."
Elizabeth Warren : "The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago."
Russ Feingold : "The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations."
Sylvester Turner : "Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else."
Viral image : Says Donald Trump tweeted, “WHO Thinks ‘Child Lifes Matter’ Should Be PAINTED In The STREETS OF HOLLYWOOD???”
Republican Party of Florida : "Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months."
Frank Lautenberg : "When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year."
Dale Kooyenga : "Tony Evers is cutting child support."
Donald Trump : "Everywhere Marie Yovanovitch went turned bad," including Somalia and Ukraine.
Instagram posts : “The death rate for fully vaccinated people is significantly higher than non-vaccinated [people].”
Congressional Leadership Fund : “Hoadley called women ‘breeders.’... wanted to learn about crystal meth and wrote that his sexual partners were his victims. Hoadley even wrote about a four year-old wearing a thong.”
Texas GOP : “Seventy four thousand... That’s how many mail-in ballots were recently found in Arizona that have NO clear record of being sent in.”
Bernie Sanders : "Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account."
Facebook posts : Police defunding is to blame for “skyrocketing murder rates” in Philadelphia, Minneapolis, Portland, New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles and Washington, D.C.
Donald Trump : "Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think you've made a mistake."
Mitt Romney : "Under President Obama: $4,000 tax hike on middle-class families."
Tony Evers : "More than a million Wisconsinites have voted to raise their own property taxes because Republicans have failed to fully fund our public schools for the past eight years."
Viral image : After the White House fast food dinner, Clemson quarterback Trevor Lawrence said the "coastal elite media" trashed it "for not being organic vegan" and that it was "a perfect blue collar party."
Bill Galvano : Says Florida has "roughly 1,500 resource officers dealing with about 3,800 schools."
Michelle Obama : "The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today."
Jay Chaudhuri : Says the T.R.U.M.P. Act, which would force presidential candidates to release their tax returns to run in North Carolina, "has a lot of support – by a majority of North Carolinians and members of both parties."
Nicholas Kristof : "More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history."
Mark Warner : Regarding sexual assault against women, "It’s actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college."
Hillary Clinton : Says Bernie Sanders "voted for regime change with respect to Libya."
Bloggers : “White busses marked ‘Soros Riot Dance Squad’ spotted in Michigan: It’s official, the riots are staged.”
Viral image : Photo shows Kelly Loeffler’s house.
Rand Paul : "The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget."
Tucker Carlson : "Far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns."
George Will : "Last week's three most-viewed television programs were Sunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football."
Mike Scott : "Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress."
Barack Obama : Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at "any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than it's been in 40 years."
Marco Rubio : The United States "is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines."
Barry Smitherman : "The Earth is not warming."
Anthony Weiner : "We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because he's a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money."
Americans for Prosperity : "Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsin’s mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs."
Facebook posts : “Epstein’s recruiter Ghislaine Maxwell’s father Robert Maxwell gave Mitt Romney his first $2M investment and started him in business.”
BreakingNews247.net : "Alabama’s Crimson Tide was disqualified from national championship."
Kirsten Powers : Says Rand Paul denied that he "put forward a bill ... to zero out foreign aid and specifically spoke about Israel."
Tim Pawlenty : "Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion."
Just the News : "Records suggest more than 100 batches of absentee ballots in Fulton County could be missing."
Jeremy Bird : "90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes."
RealNewsRightNow.com : "Trump on revamping the military: We’re bringing back the draft."
Joe Biden : Says Donald Trump “let federal contractors double offshoring jobs in his first 18 months in office.”
Barack Obama : "The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old."
Facebook posts : News photo from stay-at-home protest was doctored to add Confederate flag.
Lori Lightfoot : "Teachers in Chicago Public Schools are paid some of the highest compensation of any school system in the country."
Michele Bachmann : Says Mitt Romney, as governor of Massachusetts, "put into place socialized medicine."
Marilinda Garcia : Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
Campaign Money Watch : "John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract."
Facebook posts : “Maxine Waters just introduced a bill to re-name Memorial Day — George Floyd Day."
Facebook posts : A study from the CDC and the WHO “proves face masks do not prevent the spread of a virus.”
Robert Menendez : "For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin."
Facebook posts : Says Bernie Sanders marched with Fidel Castro and Che Guevara in Cuba.
Dan Forest : "We’ve still had more deaths to the flu this year than we've had COVID-19."
Stacey Abrams : "The average cost for infant care in GA is almost $7,700/yr – more than average in-state college tuition."
Oregon Food Bank : "Oregon, once again, remains among the top five hungriest states in the nation."
Will Weatherford : "The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities" for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
John Boehner : In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska, population 165."
Bloggers : "Cory Booker’s son charged with assault after attack on Santa."
Joe Biden : "The Obama-Biden Administration did not conduct workplace raids—in fact, it ended them."
Beto O'Rourke : In 2018, when he ran for senator, "young voter turnout in early voting was up 500%. We won more votes than any Democrat has in the history of the state of Texas."
Donald Trump : "We have become an energy exporter for the first time ever just recently."
Facebook posts : Video shows man upset because he was added to the no-fly list for storming the Capitol.
Chris Hayes : According to David Cay Johnston, "the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans … pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes."
Barack Obama : John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill "because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."
Rachel Maddow : "Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsin’s finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year."
Donald Trump : “President Obama would never give them long-term funding, and I did … I saved historically Black colleges and universities.”
Viral image : "The Ukrainian government just indicted the Burisma gas company & named Hunter Biden for accepting millions of dollars from a slush fund."
Madison Action Fund : Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a "liberal" who voted with Nancy Pelosi to "fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes" and "to regulate the sale of firearms."
Reince Priebus : In recent polling in battleground states, a "majority of the people" said Hillary Clinton "is untrustworthy."
Martin O'Malley : "Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughter’s college tuition on just two weeks wages."
Lee May : In the past year, DeKalb has "attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs."
Peter DeFazio : "Medicare passed with virtually no Republican support."
Michael Doherty : "The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing."
Viral image : “The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight.”
Barack Obama : Says Mitt Romney's plan "calls for a $5 trillion tax cut."
Barack Obama : "Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests – including foreign corporations – to spend without limit in our elections."
Fred Thompson : "So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions."
Elizabeth Warren : "Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail."
Ted Cruz : "The Obama administration had cut $300 million from school safety."
Gwen Moore : The House tax plan "would provide permanent tax cuts for individuals who are multi-millionaires and billionaires," but "all middle-class families will eventually face a tax increase, since tax relief for them expires."
Charlie Crist : "We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime."
Geraldine Thompson : "The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governor's signature on a death warrant to end the case."
John Lehman : The new 21st State Senate district was "created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house."
Mary Burke : "In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns."
Wayne Powell : "This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress."
Tim Ryan : "A report in Navy Times said that 7.3 percent of Army, Navy and Marines have thought about attempting suicide."
Kevin Cramer : Says Heidi Heitkamp has "never been interested in" regulatory relief "until all of a sudden I become a candidate for the Senate and put pressure on."
Uspoln Website : Says former Rep. Michele Bachmann said that "White People Have Suffered More In The Last 8 Years Than Blacks Did During Couple Years Of Slavery."
Facebook posts : Says a study projects Wisconsin’s coronavirus cases will peak on April 26, 2020
Andre Jacque : A monthly "police and fire protection fee" on all Wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police and fire.
Barack Obama : Says that according to a report, "the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austin’s economy."
Rick Perry : "We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget."
Pete Buttigieg : Says he has "more executive experience than the vice president."
Investor's Business Daily : "Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans."
John James : Says Sen. Gary Peters “downplayed the pandemic” and “failed to act.”
Hillary Clinton : The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clinton’s presidency was "a hundred times" what it was under President Ronald Reagan.
Paul Ryan : Obamacare is "hurting people right now" with premium increases of up to 116 percent.
Tim Pawlenty : On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama "promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans."
Mike Huckabee : "You've got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare."
Donald Trump : "Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers."
Facebook posts : “Queen Elizabeth and her husband Prince Philip were found guilty in the disappearance of 10 native children from the Catholic-run Kamloops residential school”
Douglas Frank : Michigan used a mathematical “key” to manipulate vote totals in 2020 election.
Kirsten Gillibrand : For Cabinet posts, "I have the best voting record against Trump nominees of anyone else running for president"
Mitt Romney : "You can hire lots of bureaucrats.  That’s what the president’s done.  He’s added 135,000 people to the government workforce."
Viral image : Photo shows Joe Biden asleep at his desk.
Mike Enzi : The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
Mary Burke : "We’re 49th in the United States in new businesses created."
Rush Limbaugh : Republicans "went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holder's nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holder's nomination."
Instagram posts : “943 innocent kids … are now injured or dead” because of the COVID-19 vaccine.
Kevin de León : "No city in the state, no state in this nation, for that matter the entire world, has adopted (clean energy) targets more ambitious in scale."
John Duncan : "Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy."
Glenn Beck : "A few weeks ago Obama took Hamas and Iran OFF the terror list."
Barack Obama : "After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas."
Claire McCaskill : "Not one dime of the tax cut that they are going to enact with the repeal of Obamacare will go to people who make under $200,000."
Crossroads GPS : "Unions don’t have to comply with Obamacare."
LoveThisPic.com : "Smoking in cars with children is illegal starting January 30, 2018."
Donald Trump : "A day AFTER the election, Biden receives a dump of 143,379 votes at 3:42AM (in Wisconsin), when they learned he was losing badly. This is unbelievable!"
Kendrick Meek : "The Taliban has been there for years and years, I mean, hundreds of thousands of years."
George Allen : "Tim Kaine doubled down in his support of devastating defense cuts, saying the ‘the deal was the right thing to do.’"
Bernie Sanders : "Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world."
Tina Freitas : State Sen. Emmett Hanger "has voted for the three largest tax increases - proposed tax increases - in Virginia history."
Jon Keyser : Says "Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it."
Georgia Department of Transportation : Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.
Yvette McGee Brown : "The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city."
Sean Hannity : "The president said he’s going to bring in 250,000 (Syrian and Iraqi) refugees into this country."
Nancy Pelosi : "The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out."
Mark Shields : Since 1968, "more Americans have died from gunfire than died in … all the wars of this country's history."
YouTube videos : “Kamala Harris wants the riots to continue and not let up, not now not even after the election.”
Donald Trump : "Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA."
Ted Jackson : Georgia ranks "last in job growth."
Facebook posts : "Abolishing the Electoral College would make Los Angeles County stronger than 43 states."
New Georgia Encyclopedia : Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on "wild" hogs.
Facebook posts : Says President Joe Biden promoted "mandatory vaccines for everybody" in his March 11 address.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : Tim Kaine supported "higher energy costs for families."
Bob Goodlatte : "The Agriculture Department estimates that roughly 42 percent of the corn crop will be used to make ethanol -- more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States."
Seth Moulton : "Background checks have been unequivocally shown to reduce gun violence."
Bloggers : "Busted: Obama is holding secret meetings to overtake the White House"
Paula Jean Swearengin : “West Virginia is near last in the U.S.” rankings of education, clean drinking water, and child mortality.
Katie Porter : Says "Mimi Walters raised taxes on middle-class Californians."
Susan Pitman : The state of Florida has seen "double-digit drops" in alcohol use among teens.
Scott Manley : “Nobody’s health is at risk right now” from PFAS contamination, as long as they are receiving bottled drinking water
David Brooks : Newt Gingrich "has suggested" building "a mirror system in space" could improve the Earth’s habitability.
Laura Ingraham : Obamacare is "costing 2 million jobs."
Greg Abbott : "More lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in Juarez alone, just a few blocks from the United States of America, than have been lost in the war in Afghanistan."
60 Plus Association : The new health care law "will cut $500 billion from Medicare. That will hurt the quality of our care."
Rick Scott's Starbucks heckler : Says Rick Scott "stripped women of access to public health care."
Brendan Doherty : "Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city."
John McCain : Barack Obama has "reversed" on his commitment "to begin withdrawing American troops from Iraq immediately."
Paul Gosar : Says a photo shows Barack Obama smiling and shaking hands with Hassan Rouhani.
Harold Metts : Says when Rhode Island Lottery was proposed, "state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be used for education."
Allen West : "U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia."
Viral image : Photo shows “the plane that brings our dead military home. It is made so that when they shoot their salute for their service it looks like an angel carrying them home.”
Brian Kemp : In Georgia, "25 percent of rural residents" are "without access to high speed internet."
John Kerry : "Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ... shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon."
John McCain : Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac "than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."
Republican Party of Wisconsin : Kanye West’s access to Wisconsin’s ballot was “denied by liberals.”
Reince Priebus : Says President Barack Obama wants to raise "the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent."
Paul Ryan : "Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied" by Hillary "Clinton’s State Department."
Kirsten Gillibrand : "We are the only industrialized nation that doesn't guarantee workers paid family leave."
Viral image : NFL player “stood alone" while his whole team stayed in the locker room during the national anthem, “a real American patriot!”
Marvin Pratt : Milwaukee’s problems include "52 percent black male unemployment."
Erick Erickson : Says Raphael Warnock "ran over his wife" and was "arrested for obstructing an investigation into child abuse."
Johnny Isakson : The "Democrat majority in the Senate has failed to submit [a] budget in the past 1,000 days."
Donald Trump : Says the diversity visa lottery program is "a Chuck Schumer beauty."
Jim Sensenbrenner : An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine "because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK."
Pam Bondi : "Whether the Amendment passes or not, the medical use of marijuana is a federal criminal offense."
Rick Scott : "We are seeing dramatic rate cuts" to Medicare that will affect seniors’ ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.
Kendrick Meek : "The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him."
Mike DeWine : "While Richard Cordray was Attorney General, 12,000 rape kits like Allyssa's were left untested. Cordray's failure left serial rapists free to strike again. Then Mike DeWine became Attorney General. He tested all 12,000 rape kits. Now hundreds of rapists are behind bars."
Facebook posts : The government is closing businesses to stop the spread of coronavirus even though "the numbers are nothing compared to H1N1 or Ebola. Everyone needs to realize our government is up to something ...”
Mitch McConnell : "In just one month, the Democrats have spent more than President Bush spent in seven years on the war in Iraq, the war in Afghanistan and Hurricane Katrina combined."
Tom Barrett : Says Scott Walker "eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession."
Rick Santorum : "[R]emember, the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher-income taxpayers."
Barack Obama : Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
Vote No On 2 : "Amendment 2 will bring kid-friendly pot candy to Florida."
Drunk History : Says the late Lady Bird Johnson sicced the CIA on actress and singer Eartha Kitt after Kitt spoke out against the Vietnam War during a White House luncheon in January 1968.
Mark Kelly : Says Sen. Martha McSally “supported a plan to turn Medicare into a voucher program and ‘shift costs’ onto seniors” and “even supported raising the retirement age.”
George Will : Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
Democratic National Committee : Says that Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 to 35,000 people when he was governor of Minnesota.
Rush Limbaugh : "Obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate."
Mike Kelly : Says Joe Biden proposed “killing over 600,000 jobs supported by fracking.”
National Republican Senatorial Committee : Says Mark Pryor voted "to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants."
Erick Erickson : Says Donald Trump "has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system."
Keith Ellison : "Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world."
Citizens United : Says Joe Biden’s infrastructure plan “is the Green New Deal.”
Viral image : Says a military Humvee labeled “COVID-19 quarantine team” was on Interstate 696 in Michigan.
Steven Goldstein : "Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality."
Bernie Sanders : Raising the federal minimum wage to $15 "would give more than 40 million low-wage workers a raise, more than 25 percent of the U.S. workforce."
Mitt Romney : There are "49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies."
Patrick Murphy : Says Marco Rubio "said Social Security and Medicare have ‘weakened us as a people.’ "
Michael Bloomberg : "We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47."
Viral image : “if your child gets this virus their going to hospital alone in a van with people they don’t know...to be with people they don’t know… you will be at home without them in their time of need.”
Mark Johnson : Says "Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers."
Adam Hasner : Lois Frankel "spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet."
Jeff Merkley : Says, "Less than half of all states have legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, despite the fact that LGBT Americans report employment discrimination and unemployment at much higher rates than the U.S. average."
Mitt Romney : Says Barack Obama began his presidency "with an apology tour."
Megyn Kelly : Science is "very certain" that the measles vaccine doesn't cause autism.
Facebook posts : “It is the vaccinated, NOT the unvaccinated, spreading mutant variants.”
Judicial Watch : "ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm."
John Faso : "The vast majority of crime that is gun related is committed by people who illegally are possessing that firearm."
Fred Thompson : "Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board."
Tim Kaine : George Allen "voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students."
Glenn Grothman : The payday loan industry "does not exist in a state like Minnesota."
Susan Combs : Says she "wiped out" the state Agriculture Department’s inspections of eggs at retail sites like grocery stores.
Rick Perry : "Texas’ high school graduation rate went from 27th in the country in 2002, to second highest in the country in 2013."
Barack Obama : "Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended."
Facebook posts : "100 Sailors at sea. All vaxxed. All with COVID (seven) weeks following deployment."
Facebook posts : “Jihad will continue until all the Hindus, Christians, Buddhists, Atheists are killed. Your secularism & tolerance can not change our ideology. Quran does NOT permit survival of Non-Muslims. — Abdullah Zuber.”
Donald Trump : "In 2015, homicides increased by 17 percent in America’s 50 largest cities. That’s the largest increase in 25 years."
Ken Cuccinelli : "Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions" from the demise of Global Crossing.
Chain email : E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
Rick Baker : "We went from zero A elementary schools when I took office to 16 when I left, and our total A and B schools went up by 260 percent."
Mitt Romney : Says Barack Obama "is the only president to ever cut $500 billion from Medicare."
Barack Obama : "We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book."
Walmis2018.com : "Walmart rewards everyone with $75 coupon to celebrate its 125th Anniversary"
"Bloggers : “Shredded Pennsylvania Mail in ballot Applications were discovered in a trailer.
The applications were for @realDonaldTrump.”"
Facebook posts : Says the Philadelphia shootings were "fake" and that police officers sprayed "fake blood on themselves."
Alan Simpson : Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
Claire McCaskill : "Nobody applies to the United States for refugee status. They apply to the United Nations."
John DePetro : Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev is buried "not far" from President Kennedy’s grave.
Sheldon Whitehouse : "In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated."
Paul Ryan : The decision for the United States to buy heavy water from Iran "will directly subsidize Iran’s nuclear program."
Alan Grayson : Says 24 million people in this country "can't find a full-time job," 50 million "can't see a doctor when they're sick," 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home.
Pat Toomey : "Remember, Obamacare created a new category of eligibility. Working-age, able-bodied adults with no dependents for the first time became eligible for Medicaid if their income is below 138 percent of the poverty level. We’re going to continue that eligibility. No one loses coverage."
Feministing : "Missouri Votes to Let Employers Fire People Who Use Birth Control."
Charles Rangel : "I'm glad for the wording of it (an ethics report on corporate-sponsored Congressional trips) because clearly the wording exonerates me."
Bill Nelson : In a budget deal struck in 2011 "a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts."
SEIU : "Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas."
Rob Portman : "I was filibustered."
Armond Budish : "We've seen more anti-women's choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than we've seen in the last three General Assemblies."
Donald Trump : "We’re … getting into the pool of the 100 million people that are not working. That pool is now coming back."
Rick Perry : Because of violence spreading from Mexico, "you’ve got bullets hitting the city hall in El Paso. You’ve got bombs exploding in El Paso."
Rosa DeLauro : "When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall."
Viral image : Says a photo shows Beto O’Rourke "in college drunk and pissing his pants."
Donald Trump : Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out "two and three and four times higher than anybody else."
Republican Party of Florida : Says Alex Sink "failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices."
Donald Trump : "We've done more tests in eight days than South Korea has done in eight weeks."
Gavin Newsom : "Close to half of the children" in California are "at or near poverty," when you consider cost-of-living.
Cathy McMorris Rodgers : "We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979."
Emails : Says “we will know which candidate you voted for.”
Vincent "Buddy" Cianci : "In 2001 and '02 . . . we had the pension system funded at (the) 100% level in that year, and we did for two years at that point."
Marco Rubio : The United States "is not modernizing its nuclear weapons."
Brendan Doherty : David Cicilline was "required to provide key information about city finances to an independent outside auditor. The deadlines were clear -- yet [he intentionally] missed them by months" until after the November 2010 election.
Facebook posts : "Texas ranks: #1 in worker deaths, #1 carbon emissions, #50 in high school graduates, #50 in funding for mental health patients."
Barack Obama : "I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream."
Facebook posts : If the coronavirus gets in your mouth, "drinking water or other liquids will WASH them down through your esophagus and into the stomach. Once there in tummy ... your stomach ACID will kill all the virus."
Travis Allen : "Beginning on Jan. 1, prostitution by minors will be legal in California."
Facebook posts : Says Donald Trump said he believes suicide bombers deserve the death penalty.
Paul Sadler : "I never supported" a state income tax for Texas.
Viral image : When asked if the United States should have a military parade to "show off its might," President Dwight Eisenhower said, "Absolutely not. We are the pre-eminent power on Earth. For us to try and imitate what the Soviets are doing in Red Square would make us look weak."
Ta-Nehisi Coates : "The typical black family in this country has one-tenth the wealth of the typical white family."
Viral image : Says Pope Francis said, "You cannot call yourself ‘Catholic’ and vote Democrat. It is a grave sin, one for which there is no redemption."
Restoration PAC : Says President Joe Biden sparked a migrant caravan from Honduras and questioned the loyalty of U.S. troops at the inauguration.
Conservative Solutions PAC : Says Donald Trump has said "he would be neutral between Israel and its enemies."
John Thrasher : "Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party."
Wiley Nickel : “Over 75% of (North Carolina) supports medical marijuana.”
Allen West : Ron Klein "repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants."
One Wisconsin Now : It’s legal to "sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition," but only one signature counts
Scott Walker : Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
Tina Smith : "On average, American women only earn 80 cents for every dollar a man earns for doing the same job."
Greg Abbott : Says Winston Churchill said, "The fascists of the future will call themselves anti-fascists."
Ann Marie Buerkle : "The Obama Health and Human Services Department is planning to compile a federal health record on all U.S. citizens by 2014," including "each individual’s Body Mass Index."
Donald Trump : Says the individual mandate is "highly unpopular."
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : The new health care law crushes small businesses "with billions in penalties."
David A. Clarke Jr. : Says Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the "worst" reading scores and "lead" in infant mortality.
Dana Rohrabacher : On immigration reform, Marco Rubio "all along has been saying, 'We have to have border security first' " and then "he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, 'No, no. That will never get in the way.' "
Mike Pence : Speaking of an HIV outbreak in Indiana during his time as governor, says “we immediately deployed health resources.”
Mary Burke : "Already in Wisconsin we have seen fewer people pursuing education as a career" due to the Act 10 collective bargaining law.
Instagram posts : “Those 30-, 40-year mortgages” prove that banks know climate change “is not going to happen.”
Facebook posts : In North Carolina, “you can be charged with a class H felony for wearing a mask and concealed carrying.”
Elise Stefanik : When asked about bills in Congress important to the North Country, Derrick responded ‘I just don’t know enough about it.’
Facebook posts : “At 17 years old Kyle (Rittenhouse) was perfectly legal to be able to possess that rifle without parental supervision.”
Rick Scott : "If you care about the environment, we've got record funding."
John Cornyn : Says Democratic senators were missing “masks” as they huddled close together at the Judiciary Committee hearing for Amy Coney Barrett.
Rick Kriseman : "For anybody who's trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed."
Joy Reid : "One-third of Floridians own guns. One-third."
Christopher Plante : "The people of Rhode Island don't want same-sex marriage."
Harry Reid : The sequester has "already lost 1.6 million jobs."
Donald Trump Jr. : "You see the Nazi platform from the early 1930s ... look at it compared to the (Democratic Party) platform of today, you're saying, 'Man, those things are awfully similar.'"
Donald Trump : "The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process."
Students for Trump : “Joe Biden is handing our power grid to the Chinese Communist Party.”
Candace Owens : The Southern strategy is a "myth" that "never happened."
Louie Gohmert : "We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bush's last year to $1.6 trillion the following year."
Rick Scott : "Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America."
David Dewhurst : Dan Patrick "called for increasing the gas tax and the state sales tax."
Metro Atlanta Voter Education Network : Metro Atlantans spend "over an hour every day" or "five hours a week" commuting, for a total of "260 hours a year."
Facebook posts : Says NBC News’ Kristen Welker “gave thousands of dollars to Obama, Clinton and Biden, is registered as a Democrat & her family spent Christmas with the Obamas at the White House.”
Deborah Ross : "Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act."
Brad Schimel : "An overwhelming majority of Republican and Democrat law enforcement leaders have endorsed Brad Schimel."
Mark S. Zaccaria : Langevin votes “the party line about 98 percent of the time."
Gerry Connolly : "There hasn't really been a lot of net growth in the federal workforce when you compare it to say, 1990."
Facebook posts : “The spot where they are ‘getting a sample’ for the COVID-19 test is called your Blood-Brain Barrier.”
Greg Steube : Oregon’s Umpqua Community College "where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone."
Charlie Justice : Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
Mitt Romney : Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.
Democratic National Committee : Says Jeb Bush "not only opposes marriage equality, he’s said he ‘personally’ believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children."
Viral image : “Due to the new ‘delta variant’ California will be mailing in ballots for recall election.”
AmeriPAC : "The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs."
Daniel Kelly : Says rival Jill Karofsky wants "to disarm law abiding citizens."
Club for Growth : Says Leah Vukmir "wrote a letter seeking leniency for a fellow state legislator convicted of sexual assault."
Scott DesJarlais : "The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world."
Ron Johnson : " ‘What difference, at this point, does it make?' I am the guy that got under her skin and provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question, 'Why didn't you just pick up the phone and call the survivors’ (of the Benghazi attack)?"
Jason Haas : Milwaukee lost the headquarters for MillerCoors because the area lacks good transit.
Chain email : A transcript released by Occidental College proves that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen.
Brian Robinson : "Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and they've done it without creating one job."
Cory Booker : "In American history since 9/11, we've had 85 major attacks in our country, 73 percent of them have been by white nationalist hate groups."
Sierra Club : John McCain has "a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."
Tobias Read : Says Oregon is "near the top or at the top of the list" when it comes to capital gains tax
Allan Fung : After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, "I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials."
Scott Walker : "Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend."
Arizona Grassroots Action PAC : Says Ann Kirkpatrick "votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time."
Rick Perry : Says in 2003 Texas cut "$10 billion out of the entire budget, yet we put $1.8 billion more into public education. We put $800 million more into health and human services."
Ron Johnson : The shutdown of the Keystone Pipeline project will mean “nearly 2,000 (union jobs lost) with Wisconsin companies”
Rick Scott : Florida has "more concealed weapons permits than any other state."
Kim Reynolds : Iowa has “the highest high-school graduation rate in the country.”
Shelley Moore Capito : "On average, one person dies by suicide every 22 hours in West Virginia."
Sara Gideon : Says Susan Collins “pushed for policies that benefited her husband’s lobbying business.”
Thomas Ratliff : Says Massachusetts has three state-mandated student tests and Finland just one.
Robert Hurt : Says Tom Perriello voted "to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China."
Catherine Hanaway : "Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved."
Rick Perry : Says he "got lobbied" by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
Wisconsin Manufacturers and Commerce : Protesters "attacked" the group’s headquarters with "graffiti on the sidewalk" and "stenciled images … smeared on the building and statue."
Jim Renacci : Says signs posted at projects funded by the federal stimulus act has cost "20 or 40 million" dollars.
Katie McGinty : Says she was the first in her family to go to a four-year college.
Jason Rae : Wisconsin's non-discrimination law "doesn't protect members of the trans-gender community."
David Perdue : The United States is "about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever."
Tom DeLay : Says most illegal immigrants draw "welfare benefits, they’re sending their kids to school, they’re using the public services."
George Allen : The stimulus bill "promised to keep unemployment under 8%."
Arizona Grassroots Action PAC : Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward "wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona."
Andrew Cuomo : “Why did the state do that with COVID patients in nursing homes? It’s because the state followed President Trump’s CDC guidance.”
Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs : "State government spending is at an all-time high. The state is on track to spend more in this fiscal year — more than $17.9 billion — than at any time in state history."
Mike Huckabee : "I supported the surge when you didn't."
Barack Obama : A "wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation" on gun background checks.
Scott Walker : Wisconsin has created "just under 100,000" jobs since he took office.
Elizabeth Warren : “Mayor Bloomberg was busy blaming African Americans and Latinos for the housing crisis in 2008.”
Jim Webb : The U.S. has "5 percent of the world’s population, 25 percent of the world’s known prison population."
Ron Johnson : "Nobody in total is proposing cutting anything. We’re trying to reduce the rate of growth in government."
Miss California USA : "The president of the United States ... agrees with me" that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
Sean Duffy : "You have almost half the counties in America that have one provider or no provider for insurance" on the Obamacare exchanges.
John Kasich : "Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget."
Rand Paul : "Eighty-five percent of government's running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down."
Nathan Deal : Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez : "Just last year we gave the military a $700 billion budget increase, which they didn’t even ask for."
Texas Democratic Party : Says Rick Perry's "Pay to Play" politics led him to send $899 million to an offshore call center in Bermuda, driving down enrollment in children's health insurance
John Carter : Says an appointed board created under Obamacare "will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!"
Bernie Sanders : "The three wealthiest people" own "more wealth than the bottom half of the American people."
Marco Rubio : "The American people will not support doing anything about people that are in this country illegally until the law is enforced first."
Chris Kapenga : “The (COVID-19) cases are going up, but it's because the testing is going up.”
Barack Obama : The "rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent."
Oregon League of Conservation Voters : Says "Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop" the state’s health care reform plan.
Sean Hannity : In 2007, when Nancy Pelosi met with President Assad of Syria, "nobody got upset."
Marco Rubio : "Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent."
Reince Priebus : Says Barack Obama has "the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt."
Broward Republican Executive Committee : The Broward Republican Executive Committee "had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Election's website."
Greg Abbott : "The City of Austin is dedicating more than $20,000 PER HOMELESS PERSON in Austin."
Facebook posts : Seniors around the world who died from COVID vaccine are being improperly listed as “natural causes.”
Alma Adams : "Lumber prices can be tied to the (Trump) administration’s actions."
Americans United for Change : "Individuals and small businesses will be hit by increases in health insurance premiums as high as 39 percent."
Rob Portman : "We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border."
Viral image : A photograph shows Joe Biden kissing a woman behind Lindsey Graham.
Eric Cantor : "The CBO’s latest report confirms what Republicans have been saying for years now. Under Obamacare, millions of hardworking Americans will lose their jobs."
Donald Trump : "I never said Russia did not meddle in the election."
Facebook posts : Says President Barack Obama “waited six months to call swine flu an emergency after thousands died.”
Ron DeSantis : "When I became governor, we banned sanctuary cities and we also did E-Verify."
Eric Schneiderman : "No court has held (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) unconstitutional."
Pat Roberts : Says with Jon Corzine, "it's the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues."
Jack Conway : Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
Emergency Committee for Israel : "When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no."
Bloggers : The coronavirus pandemic is “effectively over” in the United Kingdom and “there is absolutely no need for vaccines.”
David Dewhurst : Says that under Texas law, it takes six years to close a failing school.
Carlos Guillermo Smith : "Florida is ranked 50th in the nation for mental health care funding."
Senate Leadership Fund : Says Claire McCaskill "even said this about private planes, ‘that normal people can afford it.’"
Hillary Clinton : "You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years..."
Joe Arpaio : Says his conviction is "a political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department."
Donald Trump : "Inner-city crime is reaching record levels."
Allan Fung : Ken "Block supports Obamacare."
Bloggers : "California Democrat Maxine Waters charged on 3 counts."
Jay Sekulow : Says President Donald Trump’s hold on Ukraine aid was like when "the Obama administration withheld $585 million of promised aid to Egypt in 2013 ... (and within the  fiscal year) they didn't have to disclose the halt to anyone."
Republican Governors Association : Gubernatorial candidate Maggie Hassan supported 33 tax and fee increases as Senate Majority Leader.
Scott Walker : "Property taxes are lower right now than they were" in December 2010 on a median-valued home in Wisconsin.
Genevieve Wood : "Young women today in metropolitan areas" who are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
U.S. Chamber of Commerce : "Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage."
Rhode Island Center for Freedom and Prosperity : "Rhode Island will become just the second state to mandate the vaccine … and the only state to do so by regulatory fiat, without public debate, and without consideration from the elected representatives of the people."
Viral image : Video shows “Pfizer lab in Madrid on fire.”
Viral image : Image shows Harvard email terminating a student over social media accounts.
Facebook posts : Says Nancy Pelosi called Social Security recipients “leeches” and “burdens on society.”
BuzzFeedUSA.com : "Breaking: Crew of Air Force One Refuses to Fly Obama 6000 miles ‘Just to Play Golf’ "
John Barrow : "Forty years ago ... about half of congressional districts were genuinely competitive. Today, only about 10 percent of House races on Cook Political Report are listed as ‘toss-ups’ or ‘lean’ to one party."
Rob Portman : "Thirty-four of the last 44 (debt ceiling increases) have been for less than a year. So, this notion that short-term is somehow the exception, it's actually the rule."
Viral image : Says Kayleigh McEnany is John F. Kennedy Jr.’s daughter.
Facebook posts : “CDC announces that ordinary (non-N95) masks (which most people are wearing) will do nothing to protect you against wildfire smoke … Fun fact: smoke particles are far larger than SARS-CoV-2 particles.”
Maria Cardona : "The Republican Party has the worst reputation in American polling of any political party in history."
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee : "Credit agency says Rep. Gibbs recklessly caused downgrade, higher interest rates."
Steve Doocy : "If you make more than $250,000 a year … you only really take home about $125,000."
Facebook posts : Says series of 11 photos are “from the 1918 flu pandemic.”
Chain email : "The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits."
Barack Obama : Says PolitiFact has said he "kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules."
Tim James : Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to "increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English."
James Clyburn : The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina "was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty."
Viral image : Says there are fewer than 2,000 confirmed COVID-19 hospitalizations in the U.S.
Bruce Rauner : As written, the (Illinois school funding) bill includes a bailout of Chicago’s broken teacher pension system.
Rick Scott : "Most" of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
Newt Gingrich : "There’s a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge."
Red, White and Blue Fund : "Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates."
Bruce Rauner : "Even with a permanent income tax increase... the budget is more than $1 billion out of balance…"
Uber : A recent study found "that cities where Uber operates have 3.6%-5.6% fewer drunk driving deaths than cities without access to ridesharing."
Facebook posts : Photo shows an ice mass hanging inside a Houston home during Texas winter storms.
Facebook posts : “Minority farmers get big bonus, white ones get none,” because of Democrats.
Various media reports 2 : Democrats were at a 9/11 memorial service when NC Republicans held a controversial vote
Laura Ingraham : "There was no real scientific basis for believing that" social distancing would be necessary, "since it had never been studied."
James Clyburn : "There are 43 states that have now passed voter suppression laws."
Rob Portman : "The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire" because it’s increased costs for employers.
Barack Obama : "Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law."
Joaquin Castro : Says the director of an anti-abortion group receiving a Texas grant to provide women’s health services "believes HIV can be spread through the sewer system."
Bloggers : "Massive Bumble Bee recall after 2 employees admit cooking a man and mixing him with a batch of tuna."
Joe Biden : There’s already 10,000 businesses that are not likely to open again, and a significant number of small businesses and minority businesses.”
Tulsi Gabbard : Says President Donald Trump's "effort to roll back regulations means that Big Ag now gets to inspect its own pork" and "they decided to stop testing for E. coli."
Courtney Combs : "Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world."
Ben Cardin : "We’ve seen more filibusters on judicial nominees by the Republicans under President Obama than we saw in the whole history of the United States Senate."
Viral image : Says Kamala Harris and other Democratic senators “voted to let babies scream until they die if born alive.”
Donald Trump : Says Rep. Ilhan Omar, D-Minn., was "speaking about how wonderful al-Qaida is."
Donald Trump : "After the last administration nearly killed the US auto industry, I saved the U.S. auto industry ... We brought you a lot of car plants… (and Japan) “announced five car companies are coming to Michigan.”
New Leadership PAC : Says county parties representing more than half the state’s Republican voters approved resolutions "demanding changes" in Texas House leadership.
Facebook posts : “The COVID-19 future vaccine will come with the ID — a mark. The ID tells everyone you are free of COVID.”
Steny Hoyer : "House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform America’s health care system," but "the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."
Donald Trump : "I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your healthcare."
Tom Barrett : Says "the headlines … tell the story" of how Walker has "mismanaged" Milwaukee County
Elaine Phillips : In the past decade in New York State "more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing — more than any other state."
Harry Reid : Sharron Angle "would eliminate the Department of Education."
Facebook posts : Says truck drivers are being turned away from fast-food restaurants during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Robert Gibbs : A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
Pat McCrory : North Carolina has "one of the fastest growing populations as well as the fastest growing economy in the country."
Ben Carson : "Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases."
Deb Butler : Says NC Senate leader "expressed disdain" for the NC House budget vote on Sept. 11.
Facebook posts : The runnerup to Caitlyn Jenner for ESPN’s Arthur Ashe Courage Award was "Army veteran Noah Galloway, who lost an arm and leg to a roadside bomb in Iraq."
Chris Matthews : Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, was elected in a "very low turnout" race.
Rick Scott : The Medicaid expansion is "going to cost Florida $1.9 billion a year."
Viral image : Shows a photo of two similar Wall Street Journal newspapers with different headlines about President Donald Trump, and describes the editions as, "Same paper, same dates, different markets. What did you just learn? Feeling manipulated yet?"
Don Beyer : "More than half of women under 30 who give birth do so outside of marriage..."
John McCain : "We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production."
Facebook posts : Says Bubba Watson wrote a viral Facebook post about Black Lives Matter.
Jeff Stone : "I’m the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions."
Donald Trump : Says there’s "never (been) so many apprehensions ever in our history."
Barack Obama : "If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place."
Bloggers : “Trump revokes Barack Obama’s security clearance.”
Donald Trump : "Years of economic decay are over" because Trump "reversed the failed economic policies of the previous administration."
Ken Cuccinelli : Virginia is "the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases."
Viral image : Says Spectrum will provide free internet to students during coronavirus school closures.
Virginia Tea Party Patriots : Since the Fed was created in 1913, "the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power."
Janet Adkins : "We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010."
Chris Koster : "Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent."
Mitt Romney : Former business partner Robert Gay says: "The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney."
Terry McAuliffe : "All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia."
Senate Majority PAC : "Before Congress, (Tom) Cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests."
Scott Walker : "Wisconsin is one of the highest taxed states in the nation."
Chuck Riley : Says Bruce Starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in Maui.
Facebook posts : Says Democrats "spent $40,000,000 of YOUR tax dollars trying to impeach Trump."
Patrick McHenry : "Americans received the biggest tax cut in history last year."
Bernie Sanders : The United States is "the only major country on earth that doesn't guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege."
Stephen Wise : "Seven of the 10" school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida.
Colorado Citizens for Accountable Government : Says "while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China."
Facebook posts : Says the toddler shown in a photo clinging to a police officer was found wandering, alone and barefoot, looking for his mother amid protests in Philadelphia.
Rachel Maddow : "President Bush never did one interview with the New York Times during his entire presidency."
Viral image : "Yesterday Virginia announced the end of youth hunting!"
Donald Trump : "We don't have bridges being built" in the United States.
National Republican Senatorial Committee : The stimulus created "zero jobs."
Debbie Wasserman Schultz : "The nonpartisan CBO, Congressional Budget Office, has said that the No. 1 policy decision that brought us to the need to prevent the nation from defaulting on our debt for the first time in history were the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003."
Ronald Renuart : "Almost 37 percent of the total income from Planned Parenthood is from abortions."
Viral image : Says Gorilla Glue tweeted, “Do not use our products on your f------ hair.”
Sherrod Brown : "While Mandel's been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasn't shown up for work."
Jan Brewer : "Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports" the state's new immigration law.
Hillary Clinton : Says Donald Trump "has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain aren’t heroes."
Kamala Harris : “The global cost of corruption is as much as 5% of the world's GDP.”
Beverly Hall : The results of Atlanta Public School’s 2010 and 2011 CRCT tests "have not been questioned."
Janel Brandtjen : Says Gov Tony Evers’ administration deemed dentists non-essential
Viral image : “UN cultural agency removes birthplace of Jesus from its list of heritage sites.”
Alan Grayson : Says Gov. Jeb Bush vetoed the "Quiñones Plan" because it was "taxation without representation on a large scale."
Viral image : Says President Trump’s limousine driver did burnouts to entertain Daytona 500 spectators during a rain delay.
Lindsey Graham : Under sequestration, the military was cut "down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915."
Bloggers : Photo of migrant mother at U.S.-Mexico border running from tear gas with children "was a staged hoax."
Peter King : "Nobody suffered any lasting injuries" from the CIA interrogation program.
Chris Christie : Says they said "it was impossible to balance a budget at the same time, with an $11 billion deficit" and "we did it."
Bloggers : "UPDATE: ‘Thousands’ voted for Doug Jones in Alabama town with population of 2,256"
Frank Ortis : The city of Pembroke Pines doesn't have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
Juan Williams : The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males 15-34 is murder.
Wendy Davis : Payday lenders profit "from the poor by charging 1,000-plus" percent "interest."
Will Herring : "There’s not one public study, and by public study I mean a study available to the public, that has looked at using the product Kaput to poison feral hogs."
Rachel Maddow : "The Stupak Amendment doesn't just say you can't use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if you're getting a federal subsidy of any kind, you're not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money."
John Bolton SuperPAC : Says Deborah Ross "supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages."
Upendra Chivukula : Says Republicans "have declared that they’re going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program."
National Republican Congressional Committee : Says U.S. Rep. Ron Kind’s "stimulus cost taxpayers $278,000 per job."
Clay Pell : "Rhode Island has the highest dropout rate in New England at twenty-three percent."
Jeff Brandes : "Unlike California, we in Florida welcome driverless cars - no permit required."
Harry Reid : "Since 1981, reconciliation has been used 21 times. Most of it's been used by Republicans."
Hillary Clinton : As a result of Roe vs. Wade, "America’s maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically."
Chain email : "Pres. Obama's finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution."
Facebook posts : “Donald Trump and Thom Tillis opposed legislation that would lower the price of insulin and other prescription drugs.”
Tom Coburn : "Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that don’t even mention the program and how to enroll in it" and that don’t "mention the word ‘insurance.’"
Donald Trump : "Chrysler is leaving Mexico and moving back to Michigan."
Facebook posts : “Biden is computer generated.”
Rand Paul : "When you look at the earned income tax credit, it has about a 25 percent fraud rate. We're looking at $20 billion to $30 billion."
Jack Salzwedel : "There’s more African American males in the penal system right now than there were (enslaved) at the height of slavery."
Miro Weinberger : "The public health science is clear that the use of the addiction medicine buprenorphine saves lives whether that use has been prescribed or not."
Keith Faber : "Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states."
Rand Paul : "When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly … ‘Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program?’ Brennan responded and said, ‘no, there is no limitation.’"
Greater Wisconsin Committee : "Scott Walker opposed a plan to help Wisconsin students refinance their student loans."
"Viral image : A photo taken by a journalist showing a beach in Jacksonville, Fla., isn't from after the government
reopened the beach as news reports have claimed."
Newt Gingrich : Says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by "a very partisan political committee" in a way that "related more to the politics of the Democratic Party than to ethics."
No on 60 campaign against condom requirement in adult films : California’s Prop 60, which would require condom use in adult films, would put "workers in the adult film industry at risk for lawsuits and harassment."
Donald Trump : "General Flynn got his clearance from the Obama administration."
Danielle Pletka : "We need to also recognize that we just had two of the coldest years, biggest drop in global temperatures that we have had since the 1980s, the biggest in the last 100 years. We don't talk about that."
Facebook posts : “Bernie Sanders voted in favor of every war during his tenure.”
Bloggers : "Melania Just Hit Donald Trump With Shocking Announcement He Never Saw Coming"
Facebook posts : "CNN reports DemDebate had 2.3 million viewers. Trump rally had 6.7 million last night!"
Barack Obama : "Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years"
Mike Huckabee : "Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C."
Facebook posts : In 1962, Joe Biden “worked with segregationists,” Elizabeth Warren “debated as a pro-Vietnam conservative” while Bernie Sanders “organized against segregation and Vietnam war”
Tim Griffin : "There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010."
Scot Ross : "Since 2015, Scott Walker has not done a public event where you don't have to pay admission or be on an approved list."
Tammy Baldwin : Says Leah Vukmir was "just about the only legislator who stood with the insurance companies" and "voted against oral chemotherapy."
Bob Buckhorn : "There was no panhandling when I left office."
Bernie Sanders : "You know what Amazon paid in federal income taxes last year? Zero."
Bernie Sanders : "I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clinton's) position."
Peter Barca : "You can't bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of what's going on," but "you can bring a gun up there."
Jacqueline Collins : "Governor Rauner has called every year for eliminating funding for afterschool programs for at-risk youth, homeless prevention services and programs that help autistic children."
Tulsi Gabbard : At the same time President Trump talks about supporting veterans, "he is deporting service members who have volunteered to serve this country."
Rick Perry : Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
Bill Foster : "If we don't spend money on a pier, then that money does wipe into the general funds of the city or the county, and if you send it to the county, you never see it again."
Hillary Clinton : "The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay."
Mahlon Mitchell : "When @ScottWalker told firefighters we didn’t need to worry about Act 10, we said hell no, we stand with working Wisconsinites everywhere."
Howard Schultz : Says presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama each tried to get immigration bills passed, but "it did not work because the other party was unwilling to provide the president and his party a victory."
Allen West : Florida Democrats "put my Social Security number and my wife's Employment Identification Number in a mail piece."
Donald Trump : "These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) won't even mention the word."
Doug Whitsett : The Medford Water Commission was fined $279,000 for dumping plain drinking water into a stream.
Chain email : Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted "to let the U.N. take OUR guns."
Joe Biden : Says President Donald Trump "thinks that $15 an hour minimum wage is too much for essential workers."
Donna Campbell : Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
Joe Theismann : "We don’t have a (military) reserve force if something happens."
Michael Moore : The ammunition used in the Orlando shooting "is banned by Geneva Convention. It enters the body, spins & explodes."
Anna Kooiman : "There would be tens of thousands of jobs created" if President Barack Obama approved the Keystone XL pipeline.
Jeff Merkley : Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up "costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012."
John McCain : "George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years."
Hillary Clinton : The Charleston, S.C., shooter "should have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough."
John McCain : " ... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding."
Rebecca Kleefisch : "We have roughly between 85,000 (and) 95,000 open jobs in Wisconsin."
National Rifle Association : Wisconsin’s concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering "all existing (training) certificates insufficient" as part of the permit application
Dan Patrick : “Statistics show that more people of color don't have cars than not. So how do (drive-thru voting centers) help those folks?"
Dominic Chavez : Says since 2000, Austin’s "tax burden" rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent.
Barack Obama : Romney "would turn Medicare into a voucher program."
Facebook posts : The media called the 2016 election for Hillary Clinton.
Bloggers : Says Johnny Depp died after being apprehended for threatening President Donald Trump’s life.
Facebook posts : Says BLM activist Sasha Johnson tweeted, “The white man will not be our equal but our slave.”
Karl Rove : “Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.”
Coalition to Stop the Proposed Tax Hike Amendment : Approving the constitutional amendment on Illinois' November ballot “would let the politicians immediately implement their plan to increase taxes on small businesses, farmers and large employers.”
Daniel Mielke : "Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of  illegal immigrants."
Rick Kriseman : "Since Mr. Foster's been mayor, we have less small businesses in the city of St. Petersburg."
Marco Rubio : "It has been over 80 years since a lame-duck president appointed a Supreme Court justice."
Celine Gounder : "Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide."
Chris Abele : Says he balanced the Milwaukee County budget "without raising taxes five years in a row."
Rick Perry : "In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether it’s going to be funded in" years to come.
City of Austin : "Nearly 20% of our residents" are born abroad.
Roy Cooper : "Under Pat McCrory, (North Carolina) has fallen to 41st in teacher pay."
Steven Costantino : "I did not play any role in bringing the company to RI as did others in government. I was tasked with handling the legislation affecting the company by my superiors."
Mitt Romney : "Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country."
Eric Trump : The Biden White House has "no one there. They don't travel. They don't go down to the border. They don't go overseas."
Drew Ferguson : Under the House Republican tax proposal, "the average family of four earning median income ($59,000/year) will receive an additional $1,182 in their pocket every year."
Bob McDonnell : "This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure" before an abortion.
Barack Obama : "If you actually took the number of Muslims [sic] Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world."
Donald Trump : A 1993 example of voter fraud in Philadelphia is “exactly what happened to us” in the 2020 election.
John Fleming : In Massachusetts, "half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients."
Teresa Fedor : "Toledo … is fourth in the nation behind much bigger cities — Miami, Las Vegas, Portland — in number of human trafficking arrests and rescues."
Teresa Fedor : Says Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.
George LeMieux : The White House has "refused" international help in dealing with the oil spill.
Donald Trump : Says of the diversity visa lottery program, "they give us their worst people, they put them in a bin," and "the worst of the worst" are selected.
Chris Larson : A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill "will take at least seven years to create jobs."
Ralph Peters : Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night "to minimize terrorist casualties."
John Kerry : "Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid."
Marcy Kaptur : "When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted 'no'."
Jeff Kruse : Says that in Curry County, "if you make a 911 call you’re likely to wait for an hour for a response."
Michele Bachmann : "While the government grew, we lost more than 2 million jobs."
Marie Corfield : Says New Jersey has "the highest unemployment rate in the region" and "stagnant job growth."
Julia Sass Rubin : "(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools."
John Kitzhaber : Says Chris Dudley thinks Oregon’s minimum wage is too high.
Barack Obama : "President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times.  George W. Bush did it seven times."
John Kasich : Says Donald "Trump got, you know, $1.8 billion worth of free media. I got, like, none."
Marco Rubio : "Two-thirds of our kids can’t read at grade level."
Marco Rubio : "Even the employees’ union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law."
Facebook posts : "Hackers are posting sexual videos and pictures on your (Facebook) walls! You don’t see them, but your friends do, then it seems as if you posted it."
Jerry Patterson : Says the Texas General Land Office led by George P. Bush has repaired just two homes since Hurricane Harvey.
Chain email : While CEOs of some large charities have big salaries, the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free.
Barry Hinckley : "There's no money in Social Security."
Facebook posts : In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, "hands or feet" or "clubs and hammers" than with any type of rifle.
Jorge Elorza : "Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi."
Patrick Murphy : "Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, he went on to say he doesn't trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes."
Sarah Palin : Seniors and the disabled "will have to stand in front of Obama's 'death panel' so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their 'level of productivity in society,' whether they are worthy of health care."
Facebook posts : The longest filibuster in U.S. history was 75 days and “took place in 1964, when Democrats tried to block the Civil Rights Act.”
John Faso : "We now have about one-third of New York’s population on Medicaid."
Allen Andrews : "Missouri is actually the only state that has been forced to borrow money from the federal government to pay for unemployment benefits during each of the last five economic downturns."
Facebook posts : “All schools in Canada are closed for the rest of the school year, each family will receive $950 every two weeks for the next 15 weeks, banks were notif(ied) to suspend mortgage payments for at least 6 months, and student loans deferred.”
Jim Moran : Only 20 colleges and universities "have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses."
Barack Obama : "Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse."
Ruben Hinojosa : "50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college."
Barack Obama : "We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil."
Ron DeSantis : Says Florida Agriculture Commissioner Nikki Fried “spent millions of dollars to put her face on every gas pump across this state.”
Nathan Deal : Ninety-six percent of failing schools are spending above $8,400, the average annual per student expenditure, and 26 percent spend considerably more than that.
Charles Kuck : A provision of the Senate immigration bill would require you to have government permission to get a second job.
Reader : "How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?"
Mary Jordan : Likens Obama's predicament to 1982, saying, "when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it."
Bloggers : "House Democrats strike to implement Sharia law!!"
Hillary Clinton : "Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, … living longer on average, and facing less income inequality."
Rudy Giuliani : In Michigan “we have over-votes in numerous precincts of 150%, 200%, and 300%.”
Dennis Richardson : "More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge."
Facebook posts : A serial killer is targeting women in Hot Springs, Ark.
Dick Cheney : In the Georgia-Russia conflict, "we flew a brigade of Georgian soldiers" from Iran to Georgia and "sent U.S. ships into the Black Sea and provided various kinds of supplies."
Jeb Bush : "In 1998, nearly half of Florida's fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read."
Bloggers : "ALERT: Massive Easter Egg Recall Leaves MILLIONS Of Children In Danger- THROW THEM AWAY- They WILL Kill Your Kids."
The Agenda Project : The Paul Ryan budget proposal would leave the country "without Medicare."
Rick Perry : Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
Wayne LaPierre : Says New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says "we can only have three bullets" and "the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them."
Facebook posts : "Seven Milwaukee wards report more 2020 presidential votes than registered voters.”
Chris Christie : "We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate."
Facebook posts : Says Monica Lewinsky tweeted that she's "willing to take one for the team" by engaging in oral sex with President Donald Trump because, "Apparently that's the only thing that can convince Republicans to impeach."
Americans for Responsible Solutions : Says Kelly Ayotte "stands with the Washington gun lobby. They fund her campaigns."
Donald Trump : Even among "second and third generation" Muslims in the United States, "there's no real assimilation."
Ronda Storms : Hillsborough's Public Transportation Commission has "a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on."
Mike Pence : "In a very real sense, (Oklahoma has) flattened the curve. ... The number of cases in Oklahoma — it's declined precipitously."
Facebook posts : California’s registered independent voters “will not be able to vote republican come 2020.”
Mitt Romney : Says Newt Gingrich’s contract was with "the lobbyists at Freddie Mac."
Donna Brazile : The IRS "also investigated liberal groups, groups that had progressive in their name. ... The IRS was basically looking at everybody."
Restoration PAC : President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
Stop 57 campaign : "Brock Turner’s early release will be a regular occurrence if Prop. 57 passes."
Facebook posts : Ivermectin caused a substantial decrease in the excess mortality rate in Mexico.
Tom Graves : The Internal Revenue Service spent $60,000 on a "Star Trek" training video.
Devin Nunes : "In recent years ... the Obama administration was committed to the notion, against all evidence, that we could reset relations with Putin."
Marco Rubio : "There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure."
Todd Gilbert : “America’s carbon emissions are being reduced at a rate far higher than any country in the world.”
Deborah Glick : "New York state law says you are alive when you begin to breathe."
Joe Biden : "John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops."
Viral image : Drinking “water a lot and gargling with warm water & salt or vinegar eliminates” the coronavirus.
Bloggers : Says George Soros was arrested in Philadelphia for election interference.
Gwyneth Paltrow : $29 is what "families on SNAP (i.e. food stamps) have to live on for a week."
Barack Obama : "Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month."
Kevin de León : "No city in the state, no state in this nation, for that matter the entire world, has adopted (clean energy) targets more ambitious in scale."
Charlie Crist : Marco Rubio controlled funds that "out of the $600,000 that were raised, only $4,000 went to candidates to try to improve their chances to be elected to office."
Terry McAuliffe : Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
Barack Obama : Keystone XL allows "Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else."
Barack Obama : Mitt Romney "said it was 'tragic' to end the war in Iraq."
J. Bart Classen : The COVID-19 vaccine could lead to prion diseases, Alzheimer’s, ALS and other neurodegenerative diseases.
Ron Johnson : For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
Peter Navarro : U.S. tariffs on China are "not hurting anybody" in the United States.
John Moorlach : "Crime has been getting worse since Jerry Brown was elected governor."
Bloggers : Says President Donald Trump will announce that a scientist "finally found vaccine to cure corona virus."
Ellen Freidin : "We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common."
Mary Landrieu : Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
Deirdre Imus : Under President Ronald Reagan, illegal immigrants "were not pouring in like" they are now.
Jon Kyl : "The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law."
Clarence McNeill : The use and possession of marijuana on U.S. college campuses “remains prohibited under federal law”
Newt Gingrich : Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all "government sponsored" enterprises.
Jonathan Stickland : Says Texas has more than 80,000 abortions each year.
Barney Bishop : "There's no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed."
For Our Future PAC : "Repealing the Affordable Care Act — and with it, Ohio’s Medicaid expansion — could cost Ohio more than 81,000 jobs, jeopardize nearly 1 million Ohioans’ health care coverage, and leave more than 220,000 Ohioans with mental illness or substance use disorders without insurance."
Chris Christie : Says "these ‘Jersey Shore’ folks, they’re from New York."
Louise Slaughter : Rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program "will harm our economy."
Progress Ohio : "In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutor’s) office before he got there."
John Kasich : "I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole … to a $2 billion surplus."
Rashida Tlaib : “Detroit spent $294 million on police last year, and $9 million on health.”
Michele Bachmann : The IRS is "going to be in charge of our health care."
Paul Ryan : "70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path."
Hank Williams Jr. : Says Barack Obama is a Muslim.
Peter Barca : "Two thirds of the people in Wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away people’s rights to collective bargaining."
Jerry Jones : The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have "entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope."
Charlie Crist : "Usually it's about $900 a month to get health coverage. (Florida's program has) reduced that, on average, to about $150 a month."
Hillary Clinton : Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
Sierra Club : "Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world."
Simone Gold : “If you take the vaccine, you'll be enrolled in a pharmacovigilance tracking system. It means that you've enrolled yourself in a medical trial.”
Club for Growth : Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch "did nothing to stop" people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators.
Facebook posts : Says the National Mall’s webcam was "abruptly shut down" and removed from the White House’s website to stop viewers from seeing the lack of attendees at president Trump’s Fourth of July event.
Baker Harrell : "Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese."
Forecast the Facts : Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans "employees from talking about climate change."
Republican National Committee : "Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending."
Nancy Pelosi : "We were not, I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used."
Ted Cruz : Says Beto O’Rourke "voted against" Hurricane Harvey "tax relief."
Instagram posts : California voters who go to the polls to vote in person will be “TURNED AWAY & CANNOT VOTE” unless they change their voting preference to “NO to mail in voting.”
Marc Lamont Hill : "Every 28 hours" an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
Facebook posts : “Moderna chief medical officer admits: mRNA alters DNA.”